I love how your mother is solo travelling regardless of her age
1. Prioritise time with family.
2. Be intentional about friendships.
3. Cherish time with your kids.
4. Nurture health in relationships with co-workers, because you spend 8 hours a day with them.
5. Enjoy more the time that you are alone.
As someone who is in her 60's and have raised 3 children, watched 6 granddaughters grow to adulthood and have been widowed for 11 years, I felt every moment that you spoke about. I'm in the alone time now, a lot. I bury myself in work and projects to keep away the loneliness that creeps in from time to time. Time with family and friends gets even more valued when you get to this age. Thank you for an inspiring video.
As I’m getting older, I’m starting to realise that I’ve outgrown so many friendships from my school and university days. I’m much happier not wasting my resources on friendships that aren’t worth investing in anymore and rather focusing on my current life with my current relationships and commitments like work and hobbies.
I just turned 25 and time with family has felt so important to me recently. Seeing my parents age and siblings get married and have kids has shown me how fleeting milestone moments are. No more letting time pass me by!
The fact that your mother is going on a solo backpacking trip??? That's incredible, and the biggest takeaway from this video for me. That even when older, you can travel, explore the world... you don't have to do it all when you're young.
Second favorite takeaway: we often don't have to learn things, we just have to be reminded of them.
As an introvert, I enjoy spending time alone. However, I want to learn more about how to enjoy time with others. Thank you for your youtube discussion.
I'm 32 and I was orphaned a little over a month ago. My mom died when I was 27, my dad just 10 days before Christmas last year. Family was always important to me, but I was also always on the go throughout my twenties. I don't have any regrets about living my life and I am grateful for the time I had with them, but if I could pass one piece of advice on to my peers, it would be not to take the time you have with your parents for granted.
My fiancé, who also lost his dad too early in life, and I now have to navigate getting married and establishing a family of our own with just one "grandparent", his mom, to support us and love us and our future kids, and we are so grateful to have her and we will do our best to enjoy the time we have with her fully.
I'm 52 years young and really enjoy my own company. I exercise outside, read and garden all by myself as I have a busy life and need alone time for self care. Love, love, love  this channel and the return of teatime Tuesdays!
I didn’t expect this video to evoke such strong emotions in me, but had to hold back the tears when you spoke about feeling like you’d abandoned your family when you moved abroad. I felt that deeply
 the study was very interesting about how time and company does change as our life moves forward. A beautiful intentional and thought provoking video
the graph says to me: spend more time with friends + family, less with coworkers or choose coworkers that are friends too, try to be less alone, but when then embrace it, choose your partner wisely, because you will spent the most/ longest time with him/her. PS.your mama is so inspiring!
I am 76 and always been rather solitary. I came to accept that part of my personality a long time ago, in spite of outside pressure to be more social.  Your point is spot on that being alone doesn't necessarily equate to lonliness, many of us already living so,  I have a small group of friends and family, but as I age the group is getting smaller as my kindred spirits are passing on. If you continue to live, that is the unavoidable journey, being comfortable in your own company is key to being at peace with solitude.
Spending more time alone sounds like heaven to me. I wish I had a job that didn't require to talk to anyone at all. Odd how few people acknowledge how good it feels to just be left alone.
"We need to be reminded more often than we need to be taught" ...So true!
Before my parents passed away, I spent numerous hours with them and took care of their daily lives.  I was lucky that I chose to live close with my parents.  This is something people overlook when planning their lives.  Having grandparents around when growing up is something my children enjoyed and not common to others. My mother used to say that  more talented children would move away because they have the abilities to move for their career sake.  I think we all need to pause to think about that before we move away from our families.  If we are talented, we should have better abilities to stay and contribute to our hometowns.
It's great that you have such a positive relationship with your family. For those who grew up in toxic households, the idea of spending less and less time with family honestly sounds like a blessing.
Just wanted to say how much I appreciate you pushing the sponsorships until the end! I still watch them, but I look forward to your content when I click and this is a great dynamic. Love love love your videos!
Thanks, Sadia. The  most important reminder for me here is 'learn how to be content with being alone'. Families can be broken, partners and friends can come and go, co-workers change faces, etc. At the end of the day, enjoy relationships but always remind ourselves to let them go when the time comes.
I found this to be soothing and informative. At almost 75 you can imagine the experiences I have under my belt. I am widowed and divorced and am at peace with it. I so value my time alone and guard it. I love my friends. I love my church family. I love my solitude. I am an artist a writer …I love quilting and cooking and praying. The seasons God provides are equal to the path He set before we were born….relax and breathe.
It's hard to watch this video without getting emotional. I'm exactly at that phase in my life where I've become fully aware of how short our lives are and how quickly time goes by. There's a deep fear that I'm not spending my time as well as I should be.
it's definitely so important to prioritise time with friends and family as you get older - they're things you take for granted when living at home and when at university, but after that you really have to put the effort in
Wholesome as ever :) I just want to add that my mom gave birth to me at age 42, which means at 70 she's living with me and we're spending a lot of our free time together, so she's kind of beating the trend and transitioning into retirement while still in the company of a young daughter. Keeping each other company teaches me wisdom and respect for the elderly while it challenges her to practise flexibility and an open mind to what my generation goes through. Not a life plan I had, just the way things unrolled for us, but I would recommend it to others who find it uncomfortable to be alone at any stage of their lives. I remember how it was considered lame to live with your parents after college... Also how taboo it was to have a kid at +40... I'm so happy my mom didn't listen, and neither did I.
I believe building a good relationship with yourself should be first as this will be the foundation of your relationship with others
So this video was just an ad that consumed my time. The irony.
I was shocked! But realize it is so true. I am 58 and find I spend a lot of time alone. Need to work on making the most of that time
Loved the video! My husband and I are introverts and cherish our alone time. We each have our hobbies and projects so we are not bored or lonely. I'm home alone now and appreciate the quiet peace I'm feeling. Hope you have a beautiful day
Being alone for me is my favorite, as a Buddhist practitioner it’s a time when I get to deepen into the subtle layers of Awareness.  Awareness is that all encompassing presence that teaches me self love…where I’m not needing others to feel complete…it’s always growing and deepening.  It’s an art to face the fears of aloneness…especially since society has many stigmas towards it.  As an Artist I use creative projects and art as a way to enjoy being alone.
It's comforting to know that I'm not alone in feeling homesick and somewhat guilty for leaving home. This is the perfect reminder that no matter what life you choose, your time must be directed towards the relationships you cherish the most, including the one with yourself!
I live in a different country than my parents and struggle with guilty and sad feelings that I abandoned them, especially my mom. It's tough but it helps to know I'm not the only one who feels that weight
I’m 28, traveling solo in a camper van to national parks, been on the road for 8 months. But now making the 2,000 mile drive home to surprise my soon-to-be 102 year old grandma for her birthday on Valentine’s Day. Family time is definitely something all this solitude on the road has made me appreciate more than ever!
Thank you for making another beautiful video!!
Agree 200% that Life is short and time is running, so very important to Live and spend life with real loved one's before we Leave
Honestly i spend more and more time alone as a choice. I need it now that i’m happy with myself. I’m not forcing myself anymore in toxic relationships, my family included.
To me seeing them less was a blessing. It’s sad but out of my control.
I can see how that graph would be accurate. I will be 40 this year and that graph tracks accurately for me. I was married at 32 and widowed at 33. I've spent a lot of time alone already but I've made peace with doing things solo. I've sadly had to let go of decades long friendships and am just now trying to invest time in building new friendships- it's so hard. I do not have (and don't plan to have) children so making friends who have time for friendships is tough. Plus, people don't like death and get uncomfortable when I tell them I'm a widow. Especially now that I'm dating again. I'm still hopeful and am willing to put in the work to cultivate friendships so I know my people are out there. Most of my closest friends now are with significantly older people (older than my parents) and I'm learning a lot and I'm able to help teach them things as well. Family time has been crucial for me and thankfully I still have a wonderful relationship with my in laws!
The idea that time with family is precious and that it is in persistent decline as we age and as our parents age has really resonated with me lately. I just got back from 3+ weeks of travel with my parents and seeing family overseas, and it reminded me of the importance of keeping up relations with extended family and making time to be with my parents as I move more into adulthood. Thanks for this thought-provoking video, Sadia! Love all your PUL content as always
Now I'm just 21 but now Itself  I started to feel like family is everything. I really don't know why , where most of the other people in my age category think in other ways.
At the age of 38, I'm taking inventory of my life and contemplating how I want to spend the rest of it. I always hear my dad use the phrase "what's left is less than what's passed" when referring to life, and while no one knows how long they've got, there is a point you reach in your life where you know you've got less time, and as finite as that time is, it becomes infinitely more valuable.. As someone who never went after their dream of going to art school and becoming a 3D artist, and instead just made conventional choices with no real love for the path I'm on, I decided it was still important to teach myself 3D art.
As for my time left, I have to work the day job and maintain many relationships (parents, siblings, my own family, friends), but I still try to devote 30 hours a week to self-studying. Trying to balance your relationships, ambitions, and monotonous tasks isn't easy, but you've got to make the most of it. Adulting wasn't advertised as easy!
I'm in my 20's and I have wonderful friends and co-workers but nothing beat the time when I'm alone. It's not being lonely, it's being free to be yourself without fear or judgment. It's doing whatever you want without compromising. It's going wherever whenever without having to plan with anyone. It's doing too much or too little of something completely guilt free. It's getting to know yourself and work on yourself without any interference. Let yourself become your own best friend, trust me that way you will never be lonely
It always amazes me how a Youtube channel that's mainly focused on cooking can make me cry :D as a person who would like to emigrate and who regularly feels guilty about it, what you said at 2:06 really resonates with me makes me feel a lot better.Thank you so much
  I also love what you said at 7:42, so true.
At the age of 33, I suddenly became afraid of being alone in the future. I have a good relationship with my mom, have some good friends, and generally easy to meet good friends in a new place. Having no romantic relationship scared me. Apparently, I had a low self esteem. This is what I am working on right now, and I am happy that I realised this so I can be more comfortable with myself; be the best friend of myself, for my future.
One very important aspect you left out, was getting in touch with your soul, your Creator. That connection can take you to another level
These tea time tuesdays are beautiful sadia, feels like having a cup of tea with my sister and chatting about something very dear. May God Bless you, thanks for bringing joy to our lives with your heartfelt conversations
this is so introspective and honestly making me quite emotional, it's so healing to prioritize purposeful time with family and I think the graph just emphasizes this. Instead of letting hours pass by looking at a screen, we should really make something of the moment
I just turned 70 and find this graph and subject to be true to all your points. I cherish all the happiness and memories of the past and look forward to any time I get to spend with my children, grandchildren friends and husband but I do believe we have to always be intentional about staying in contact with each other. I always want to be the kind of mom to let go and let my family live  and experience new things in life but to also be able to call them and say: “ I’m lonely for you right now or I miss you “ . Also, at some point during your life you better learn to love and respect yourself because after all, you are your own best friend! Sending you love
I love that you don't demonise the idea of spending time alone. I feel like too many people are afraid to be alone and for some of these people, it's a real missed opportunity for understanding more about themselves
I couldn't hold back the tears when you spoke of being alone. Our youngest daughter has "left the nest" to become a doctor. I am so proud of her, yet there is now a void. I am learning that there is more to life than being a mother. I have interests, goals and habits that had to be put on the back burner because being a mother was my one #1 priority as it should be. I will always cherish every moment of my now adult children lives. But have come to realize I too am just as important. Learning self-care has been really neat.
Hearing your life story is so beautiful I’m glad I chose to watch this episode thank you
I'm 51 and I have 3 daughters that are also fast growing as we all do.  They are 24, 21 and 20. I often reflect on how the years go by so fast. Family is everything and your right it's important to check in and foster those relationships and it's equally important to have a few genuine true friends in our lives but sadly not everyone is that fortunate.  Loneliness can be extremely hard and makes me sad.  My mum is 80 and she and my dad also migrated from Ukraine to give us a better life back in April 1975 but my dad passed away in December that year. My mum raised me and my brother on her own whilst grieving the loss of her soulmate and learning a new language.  I find now that I'm an adult myself I value and appreciate all get hardships more so than I did as a child.  Time is a valuable commodity but isn't it funny how much of it we waste.  You're very brave moving away from your family.  I don't think I could ever do that.
Thank you for making this video.  I just turned 70.  I retired when covid hit.  I think that the pandemic has taught me much about cherishing time with others and cherishing my time alone.  I love my alone time, which is primary now.  And I am very conscious of making sure that I have quality connections and a habit of connecting with family and close friends.  For me, this time of life is about having a choice to be alone or with others, tending to close family and friend relationships very consciously, and giving myself the time to have a deeper relationship with my creative self.  Most of the time I experience a sweet contentment when alone.  But I do find I struggle a bit with a feeling of having to let things go and to be open to changes that are out of my control. Lots of things fall away as we age into elderhood.  Our bodies rebel some (we may lose some functions and parts!) , friends and acquaintances begin to pass on, children and friends make changes of location, and maybe we do as well.  This takes some adjustment but is revelatory and worth exploring. So, even though there is more time alone in the later years, there is a lot happening and a lot of growth.  I have made a point of cultivating close supportive friendships, building a history with my dear friends, and being the kind of parent that celebrates my children's changes and adventures.  All times of life have their gifts and challenges.  But, as you say, time is short.  Maybe one of the gifts of being older is knowing that fact because mortality is on the horizon.  There is no time to 'waste'...and all of our dear ones must be savored and treasured NOW.  Once again, thanks for opening this discussion!
I am 68 years old.  I spend time to myself in order to reduce exposure to the drama I experienced as a younger person.  I realize I don't have as much time going forward as I did before.  I aim for peace more than connection with many others.  I have a small group of associates.  I am almost never lonely.
This was so interesting! Since University I have stayed living with my family, and as a 23-year old this has admittedly been quite late. But I am going to move out next year to study singing at conservatoire - but even before moving I have noticed I spend the most time with my boyfriend and while myself and my other friends have been working more since uni there is less time to see each other. Kind of excited to be studying again so I can have more time with friends and family. Working as a freelance musician is so rewarding, but because you go from project to project it is easy to get swept away with work and forget to take some time out between projects. Similarly, having taken up YouTube has great rewards but also means I always feel I can be "doing" something
I am 33 and laser focused on building a thriving social life all throughout my life eras. I am a member of a board game club, go hiking every week, and text and talk with friends every day. I go to art galleries and events and love to meet people when I travel. I am on dating apps and consider myself a power networker. I choose to resist the weight of these macro trends and pressures and to build a life that is rich and deep on my own terms. These patterns are trends and not fate. We always have choices.
I’ve randomly came across your video and saw it was from a year ago. It was a timely reminder that where I am in life and what I’m doing is the ‘right’ thing as it is the most important time for my daughters as a 34 year old dad. I have been studying full time to get a degree in my early 30s and during this I have spent a significant amount of time with both my young girls. I have a 3.5 year old who I spent several months with whilst juggling studies and now, a few years later have spent 4 months with my now 12 month old. I have taken some casual roles throughout and trying to do it all I have come to understand the plight that mothers have to deal with. I put my career on hold but, my wife supports me studying, we luckily have a manageable mortgage and I get to spend a lot of time with my daughters (with the help of my incredible parents). It was just life affirming to watch your video and be reminded of all of this. I am Scottish having now lived in Australia for 20 years. My wife is working hard, we are trying our best and we most importantly want to bring up two daughters who want to spend time with us in the future!! My parents have shown me that ‘sacrifices’, having lived in 3 different countries now including Canada, are part of life if you want to experience the full breadth of what life has to offer. Thanks again and all the best.
I loved this video. Im blessed in my season of 30, had my first baby at 27 with my fiancé and am now a stay at home mom. I cant think of anything more rewarding than being able to wake up and soak in all of my toddlers young years. We’re choosing to homeschool next year as well. This time has given me more time to spend with my mom and grandma as well
As someone who also moved abroad by choice, the moment you said you felt like you abandoned your family I just started bawling because I just felt so guilty for leaving them and not being there. Being able to see them only a few times a year and seeing them age, really makes me see how precious that time is and that we should spend it more intentionally. Thank you for this beautiful video.
The fear of leaving home and my family kept me from pursuing my own life. There is nothing worse than staying stagnant and not moving forward. Leaving just makes the bonds stronger.
I am 65 years old. My wife is 4 years older. I am still working. We moved to an older house 12 years ago. I had more energy then to upgrade the home and still not finished.  I get anxious now we are getting old and kids are grown.  I have a hard time to adjust with aging and adjust being alone. Your video made me to think that there are others like me. It is inspiring.
This is a story I also share with my students and radio audience, but I must commend you for your compassion as you created this presentation for a vast audience. Really thoughtful!
I experienced the exact opposite of the graph you showed. I grew up disconnected from my family, living mostly with my friends. In my young adult life, I experienced the most lonely time of my life due to poverty and not being able to find a job. I had neither family nor friends with me. From the age of 30, all my social relationships have just started to get stronger. Family, co-workers, and deep friend relationships. And as I predict, as I get older, I will meet more people like myself and have a more crowded but distinguished social life.  :)
Thanks for the reminder that our days are numbered. I am starting to feel like i prefer to be alone than socializing which is not me at all five years ago.
I love spending time alone and feel it is essential in our  life to keep happy, peaceful and healthy.
Unfortunately, my family lost my youngest brother a few years ago, he was just 24. And we all became super aware of how important time with family is. Not only is life short, but we never know how long we actually have. So we have become closer and it shifted my perspective on what is actually important in life. Time with loved ones really is what matters most
Your content is so refreshing, no trying hard to impress, clickbaiting with thumbnails or throwing as much as possible at the viewer. It felt personal and thought provoking.
Cherishing every moment be it with your family, friends, coworkers or alone, I think that's a fundamental enhancer of living.
I'm 26 now and seems like I'm on the same loop with you and your mom. Left all my loved ones and comfort zone and moved to Canada a month back. It really saddens me thinking how much less time I may be able to spend with my parents, as they are in their 60's and 70's. Going through the phase of learning to live alone and just in a blink of eye, everything changed so fast! I hope we'll evolve with less regrets and enjoy the days in this world.
As an only child, I learned to feel comfortable alone very early, though I still get lonely at times. Divorced, no kids, and a social introvert, now at age 54, I'm leaping out of a comfort zone I created (corporate job, 25 yrs in this town and most friends have moved away),to slow travel for a while. It's comforting to see so many people doing the same, who I can connect with along the way. The world has changed, is far more connected and open than decades ago, making it all easier. It will still require effort to make those connections and spend time with people - new friends along the way, and those 'back home'. The time continuum is certainly interesting... at 54 I feel like I'm starting over like I was 18, and the excitement and fear are nearly the same as back then. New adventures await!
Now that’s what I call perfect timing!
This video brought tears in my eyes actually. It does truly feels like that I have grown up in a blink of eyes yet it's hard to spent more time to my loved ones.
I just scrolled when your video crossed. I live with my family, but sometime i feel loneliness because they are doing their work and i also do my work.
I could spend my precious time with my family as i spend my quality time reading, gardening, and excericing while alone. sometimes i also made pencil drawings.
When I came home, my mom mentioned how much she enjoyed the time we spent together and how wonderful it was. I am truly grateful for my parents and the time I get to spend with them. I will cherish every moment I get to share with them
Hi Sadia! Your videos always come when I need them.  I am only 22 years old now but already moved out when I was 20. For me I mainly focus on acceptance. Accepting how my life went with all it's rough but also beautiful times. I went through several depressive times because of all the bad things that happened to me and are happening in the world everyday.. Sometimes I am forgetting to see the bright side of life. So it always helps me to see my sisters and their children and the rest of my family. That's really something that I prioritize a lot as well
 close friends and people that love you the way you are are so important for my well being.
I am 56 and I agree with all of this..focusing on your loved ones, a few good friends..automatically makes it more intentional to make the time happen, I also like less talk and engage more in activities with others like a good game of rummy with my 85 year old MIL..thank you!!
I moved back home after 7 years away, I prioritized spending time with my family before they are gone. This internal exercise is so needed before it is too late
I generally prefer to spend time on my own, being explorative and creative towards what I perceive of the surroundings. My outlets are diverse, and I don't care much if my art receives no attention. I take credit for the subtle influences they have once in a while, either lid up a smile on a frowny face or start a conversation. The more "rushed hours" there are in life, the more time I need to regain my footprints. Your chart helps me see how much I prioritize "being alone" for my age... And yes, during waking moments I really prefer to share it with those who have my back. I think it's the most meaningful interaction one could have, building up on relationships and making them grow ever stronger.
May you have more wisdom to share with time! Thank you for the lovely reminder.
Life is even shorter if one adopts a hustle mindset/habit, trying to see or meet somebody does not mean time well spent if your mind wasn't there or is in turbo mode all the time, the next minute after departure you completely obliterate them from your memory. This basically reduces people in your life to a tool for killing your own boredom or guilt from not seeing them. Hence, the lesson shouldn't be trying to spend more time with whoever it is, it should be learning to truly value people as authentic human beings.
How interesting to watch this so close to when I decided I need to figure out how to have more people in my life.  I realized I'm lonely too much.  I raised 4 children spread out with 11 years between the oldest and youngest.  I homeschooled many years, which meant constant company.  It felt like I was going to have children at home all my life - but, poof, they grew up
- and after around 30 years of having regular company (of at least 1 offspring) throughout the course of my day, I was alone.  My husband suggested going back to work, but after a while I longed for home and just homemaking again even if it meant learning to be comfortable with myself in a quiet house.  Home is where I'm happiest, but I realized last week that it is time to be more intentional in friendships.  I want to find the balance between peaceful time alone (as I work around my home) and enjoying people.  I haven't nailed anything down yet, but I'm thinking about it.
Reminded rather than taught. This is why I love youtube. You get Reminded from different perspectives. Now I need to rethink the rest of my life. It seems a bit uncomfortable.I also remembered that I need to take more care of my mom.
After surviving a massive heart attack in April 2020, I had to take a real look at my life. Stress was uppermost in my life so I had to change my life quickly. Then horrible anxiety took over my life, so more needed to change. Watching all your videos has really helped in my healing process. I have now moved state in Australia from Queensland back to NSW, my fiancée and I are finally together after being separated by covid restrictions for over 2.5 years, I have a great job after not having worked for 19 months due to covid restrictions, my stress is under control, my anxiety is a work in progress, however I am playing my guitars every day and doing my photography. Life is improving rapidly. Thank you for all your amazing content.
In a week I will turn 69?!?!  My father told me that time goes faster as we age and he was right.  Spending time with those you love is so important and precious and unfortunately getting shorter for me.  Live each day to the fullest.  Tell your children, grandchildren and spouse how much you love them every day.
Thanks for your video!
I identify a lot with that feeling of having "abandoned" my parents, I have been an immigrant for 16 years, a couple of years ago my relationship ended and it made me realize many things including the value of time and how to use it well I decided to give priority to my family and now I communicate more with them and I will do everything possible to be able to travel more often and spend more quality time with them. I hope I can have my own family so I can instill in them how valuable relationships are. And regarding friends, I have many good ones and I am grateful for that, I think it is very important to keep them but also to develop and deepen our ability to form relationships at any age
I think that one of the best way to spend our time alone is connect with our soul cherish the spirituality and uniqueness of our essence.
This really hit home for me. I'v been living alone for the past 12 years. traveled for my studies and got a job abroad.
Having people around me when I'm on holidays feels sooo warm :(
At 65 I appreciate the time I have to myself very much. Self love is so important. I believe it makes me a better wife, mom , sister, aunt and friend. Hopefully one day a grandma too!
This is so inspiring thanks for sharing your story. I started my path to reinventing myself a year ago, I'm now living healthier, confident, stronger, making 6 figures, having leisure to enjoy family &friends. I feel happier and living my life for myself. This is to encourage someone "you can start anytime to have a reset it's worth it! I'm striving to continue growing cus it's a journey
I completely agree that life is short. We must find happiness in our limited time.
Oh I think that it is so vulnerable that people spend so much time with their parter and so little with others, especially when you think about how commun domestic violence is. I hope that more people can connect with others then just one person.
I loved raising my kids more than anything. And when they left home. I prayed we did the right things and they would make the right choices. So far, they are all 3 doing well and are fine, upstanding people. I miss being able to see them regularly, but I'm also happy they're making their own life and are happy making their families. I'm very used to an empty nest and i like it. I'm married, but enjoy alone time more than ever. Not that i don't want to be married! I love my husband dearly! But i think I will do well if ever I'm alone in life. Its ok. My sister's husband of 45 yrs passed recently, and shes ok. My dad passed 9 years ago and my mom has days where shes ok, but mostly she grieves and misses him daily. She never fostered relationships outside the home and that's part of the problem. Also shes 85 and almost everybody's passed, so......I don't want to be like that. Connections are important, but we have to be ok with being alone too. Its not as bad as it sounds.
Family and friends are what’s important!  I’ve been away for 3 years and now heading back home, I’m looking forward to it and thank you for your words of wisdom!
I've always been a solivagant and it has made me realize that I don't need a lot of friends but just a few whom I can count on when the going gets tough.
i feel we all here for same reason and one reason only-
to be human
that means to experience the earth with our five senses
and hopefully the sixth sense within our inner self.
the tricky part is -
you need NOT to use five senses to be able to find sixth sense. and ultimately realise material world is illusory
if trying for enough times depends on different people,
the desire for keep coming back to material world will one day vanished.
so cool that your mum is backpacking, respect to her :)
It is absolutely inspiring and life affirming to see this study that you’ve reflected upon this video. I am soon turning 35 and craving for solitary activities, such as reading book or visiting a local café, or going for a long stroll is something I deeply enjoy. I have many friends, but have not, unfortunately found a friend that I can share a deep kinship. However, I am happy to say that because of long to be alone, I have found a deep friendship with my own self. If there is one wisdom that I would impart to anyone it is this:  to know thyself.  Recently, I have entertained the idea to go on a solo trip to Ireland and I found it surprising how many of my friends, coworkers and family members thought  it very strange  to trave alone. I am happily married with two wonderful girls who are too young to be traveling with me, but I am absolutely willing to go on a trip just for the pure purposes of reflection and self understanding because if anything, this is what allows me to be more compassionate, and empathetic towards others . Does anyone feel similarly like this?.
I want to emphasise how important is the valuable time spent with kiddos. Turn to young again, playing, pretending, hugging... It's best needed!
When I was younger I did not enjoy spending time alone with myself but now that I am reaching the wonderful age of 60 I love the time I get to spend alone. I recently had a high school student ask me if it was hard getting old and my response was, I'm the happiest I have ever been!!!
I am in my 30s and nothing to show for it. I do need financial liberation so badly.
Can we stop for a moment and appreciate the quality of your videos (content + form)
 we rarely come across content this good and wholesome, keep going your efforts are very much seen
I am 53 and find I enjoy my alone time. Balance in every aspect of life is the key. Right now I am trying to get out and socialize more. It's too easy to stay home and be distracted by Netflix. Fortunately I also have three daughters who I am very close with and we support each other. Your mom sounds like an incredible woman.
This is the first pick up limes video I’ve ever seen and I stumbled on it by accident. I was total crying by the end. I’ve watched it twice so I don’t miss any information. I’m the mom of three and it’s easy to get caught up in the little petty day to day things and miss out on living. This video really makes me want to slow down and enjoy the little things that are happening. You have a very kind, gentle way of delivering your message that motivates me and gives me hope.  Thank you so very much for making this.
Thank you for you video! I feel the same Sadia. I live away from my parents, have my own family but still miss them so much. Seeing them ageing makes me feel anxious, though at the same time grateful for having them for long in my life!
Wish all the best to your family and you! I am sure your parents are so proud of you
I think you grow into yourself as you age, ideally, and that making peace with yourself and your world as you are doing is a necessary first step. As I've grown older I seem to need more space in my days to process thoughts that a long life can encourage. Your natural introspection will do you well. Thanks for the food and the insights.
I spend a lot of time with my dog I consider it quality time; she listens and she's always happy to see me .
I just wanted to add that since losing my Dad a few years ago I have made it essential I spend as much time with Mum as possible. You just tick along every day without realising your parents are getting older and wont always be there. Ensure you have as much time with them as you can and have magical memories to keep forever xx
I'm about to turn 33 in a few hours and this video has beautifully made me realize how fast we're growing old and that our parents need us during their old age.
I totally resonate with you wrt the feeling of abandoning the family/parents to settle abroad and make a better living. I love all of your videos, but this one hits in a different way <3
Thank you for sharing your beautiful thoughts, Sadia! To determine the value of our one and only life, we get so caught up in our individual goals and achievements that we forget to treasure the current blessing of a time we get to spend with our loved ones, who may or may not be with us in the next part of our journey. This is a soulful reminder not to forget the ones who've helped lay our foundations, cherish, and invest time in relationships that bring value to our  lives.
There is a saying -" You have to go away to grow"
I'm blessed to have my mom, who is still a courageous student at age 42.
And she always is my inspiration; her struggle, personality, hardwork everything.
At the most crucial time of my life, your words remind me again -" this time will pass soon"
Thank you so much sister
I think I have been enjoying being with my own company. I love solitude. This really develops inner strength. A reminder for myself : We came to this world alone, and we will leave this world alone.
Thanks for this great video!
It’s funny to me that when she sees that we increasingly spend time alone, she feels inspired to become comfortable with her own company. My first thought was how to aggressively avoid being alone.
There are 4 things that we can take away from this video:
- prioritize time with our families
-investing more in close and deep relationships
-practising to feel comfortable with being alone
-nuturing healthy relationship with our co-workers ( showing appreciation and communicating compassionately)
You Sunshine :)  You make my day all the time!  Im now 31 years old. I always wanted to go to drama school , but i never dared to leave my familiar surroundings and the people around me. Now I'm in a phase of finding myself and I'm trying not to make any more wrong decisions, because I constantly have the feeling that time is against me and that I shouldn't make any more mistakes at my age. I was a gambling addict for 10 years of my life and lost more than money, most of the loss was life time that was lost to me. And you as a Person dear Sadia just manage to radiate positive energy and warmth. Watching your videos is like refueling new Strength. You have no idea how much good you do with your videos and content. Thanks to you and your whole team, you are really great!!
I Think that in the end its always you who understands yourself better than anyone else in the world.
I just moved to the Netherlands about a month ago, and while it was a refreshing new start, I couldn't help but think about whether or not I made the right choice by leaving my homeland; moving away from friends and leaving my mom behind with hopes of finding a better life full of possibilities, making new connections with new people. While a clean slate holds a lot of opportunities, it is also daunting to move on from things that are familiar and had been a part of one's life for years or decades. Don't be afraid of change! The people and things that matter will stay with you for the rest of the journey and the connections and memories that you make will remain for years to come. If you are reading this contemplating whether or not to change something about your life, do it! Be brave and rest assured, it will pay off!
P.s. I have recently discovered your channel, but ever since I did, I just feel so thankful for lifting us up regularly with your videos.
Living thousands of kilometres away from my parents and sibling also really showed me how limited the time is we're able to spend together. The moment I moved abroad it really hit me. So I call a lot and we try to arrange video chats with the whole family and it's always a joy to see them. Being and expat is not easy, but you're mum is right, it's a natural thing for children to leave their parents to be with a partner (or in my case a country, lol).
Such timely thoughts, I have been thinking lately how much time we spend working on our careers, getting knowledge and other things, and only at some point of lives we begin to understand that what makes us truly happy is being with the family, parents, feel true unconditional love, sharing love. I think that as soon as we understand it we should really start trying to spend more time with family, as religiously as we did when built our careers and jobs. Calling family, talking with them as much as we can. Being close on whole another level.
We are two sisters and I am the elder one. Both of us are married and live in the same city as our parents. I lost my father a few months ago and sometimes it hurts to see my mother lives alone. Thanks to your video I realized she is alone and not lonely. She has us and other famil members around most of the time. However, living a life alone is scary.
I love this Video...I am currently stressed out about how fast time flies and adulthood in general. You definitely helped me
btw loveeee the scenes with your family
Hi Sadia, you know The only notification i love is of Pick up limes. Thankyou for making life look simple yet meaningful. I always try to put up with your advices. I don't even know if you remember me, because I watch and comment (more like appreciate) each and every video of yours because its truly very helpful
For me, having “me time” has served as my reward to self, especially when I started my career. This is true not only for me, but also my partner. Also, from having various social circles, I’ve appreciated only having a few, close and trustworthy friends. Pandemic reunited me and my high school girl friends.
You’re fortunate that you’ve had a healthy upbringing with your patents. I’ve disconnected with both and have had a much happier and healthier life since then. Namaste
Beautiful
Such a meaningful thought, and thank you for making this video.
Your video always put a big smile on my face! it’s beautiful, well structured, and full of life and joy!  Thank you!
My God those eye brows are hypnotic! Clicked for that but learned the importance of time from the video.
Having a kid has made time speed up for me. I'll be 35 soon and I still feel like I just moved out from my parents home. Time starts becoming an odd thing the older you get, esp watching your parents age and change. I remember my parents at my age, and it seems like that time has flown by so ridiculously fast. I wish I was more mindful of time in my teens and 20s and stopped to appreciate it more. This is such a great video and a very good message, thank you :)
I truly appreciate your honesty and care in every Tea Time video. It almost serves as therapy :) thank you for uploading such heartfelt content, and I look forward to many more tea-time Tuesdays. Love from India
Ive lost my dad when i was five, and my mom last summer (im 28 now). I really feel that i need more time with my brother and sister and have as deep connection as we can have. We live in different cities but chat everyday and meet as much as possible. We are the safety net for each other. The mere thought that i will lose them someday as well frigthens me. I dont want to look back and think "we lost touch, i should have paid more attention to them". We do what we can to not lose each other in this world.
I was so touched at the part you talked about how crazy fast your nephews and nieces are growing up... Kinda helpless and regretful cz we cant do anything about it
I love at your depth on this conversation.  As a twiced divorced person,  I totally get that as we get older we spend more time alone.  I love being in a relationship, however in both my marriages I experienced lack of emotional intimacy, and loneliness. I have now come to the conclusion whether in marriage or relationship as we get older we will still end up spending time alone as partners also change and interests also change. I have to make peace with that as difficult as it may be for me.  I soooo love what you said about starting to love spending time  with oneself -  like falling inlove with oneself while cherishing our family and friends. Alone but not lonely.
Since my partner went to heaven, I'd rather be alone and now I'm getting more comfortable of being alone. =) Yes, being alone doesn't mean being lonely! <3
depressing topic and relaxing video, thanks
Hi Sadia, love your channel, and all the thoughts you provoke in these tea chats. I think we cycle thru life as should be: social and playful in our younger years, romance and friendships in young adulthood, and as we grow thru our 20's, 30's etc and watch our parents age, we get a newer perspective of time as you said. Such a wonderful full journey, filled with self awareness and acceptance and appreciation for how we spend our precious time. Now at 63 yrs old more than ever, time with family is heightened, and time with myself is the best of all. I wouldn't have it any other way.
This chat made me feel quite emotional. I am 55, sadly over the past 6 years I have lost both my parents and my husbands, I nearly lost my brother, both my children went to university, and one is now back again
 for a short while I'm sure. This is such a true chat.
What I have taken from this is to enjoy every moment with family and friends however Practicing being alone is something we all have to do as you say being alone does not have to be lonely!
don't go too much from family to settle in a new place. This can help both our family and ourselves to grow well as a family :)
That is cool that your Mom is out backpacking! May we request more info on that? How is it going for her?
So, in the end, we will be spending most of our time alone, so reduced company could be the best way to live and adapt. Being said that, the family and coworkers gonna be around whether we like it or not, but all the other graphs are in control of ours. We can choose whether to be friended or not, whether to marry or have a partner, and the same goes for children. Thank you for the inspiration!
your mom is so beautiful, such a wonderful smile!
Hi Sadia!!!
The Bible says that when we stand before God all that will matter is how we loved Jesus and how we loved others.
As a person I really enjoying being with family , friends , coworkers and alone too.
But preferably love to be with either  family or alone.
 whats important is live lively with any one or alone and enjoy every moment
You are so adorable. I
Love being alone, I read books, I make up, I have a perfume collection, I study Spanish and Czech language. Everyone is different so I'm in the study and perfecting myself
If you want your 2023 to be better. Now is the best time to set some funds aside and invest it. It will help you create a passive income and save you from the unexpected. Started my investment journey since 2014 and God has really blessed me with good returns:)
I envy your relationship with your mother and family. If you have  narcissistic parents, time spent with them is time wasted. They shame you when you show vulnerability.
The charts are clever and speak volumes. I can relate to that. Good job.
I spent more time alone in my teens and twenties than in my 30s and 40s. I loved being alone and having time to just think and do stuff only I liked, especially since that was in the pre smart phone era.
I loved your video and i think it is reaiy inspiring. I'm now 67 years old and i think you are amazingly wise. Thanks for being there.
You are never alone , God is always by your side , make some effort and time to spend time everyday  with God and connect to God
I will turn 35 next week. I find myself always alone. and really loving it. Don't be stereotype that you need someone like friends and partner to be happy in life. To each their own. I have family that I see on holidays. and that is enough for me. Me time and travelling is a perfect life for me.
I left my home when I was 16years old,was separated from my family 40years going thru live alone, but ounce I got older I started to contact them again to connect,as I realized in life even friends can't replace family it's been a hard road,but what I took out of all of these experience just take it easy and enjoy the peace full moments live gives you
This video seems to have evoked a lot of emotional responses in people in the comments at a time when there are is so much choice in how we spend our time. It can feel overwhelming trying to figure out what matters most.
Thank you for this type of content! it's always a good reminder to cherish those moments with your loved ones and friends all the time.  I've recently gotten out of a long-term relationship and it's made me closer with my family than before and I love getting to spend any amount of time with my parents and siblings now.  :)
You made me cry; I really miss my family.
I watched it twice to grasp all words you said.
Being alone doesn't mean being lonely /Punchline
That is very true. Having few friends in life helps one to invest his or her time well in friendship and be present to those very few friends whenever they need you. For me, as an Introvert, this philosophy works and I recommend it.
My Dad would always tell me to appreciate each day and season because when I get older time will go by so fast...and it's SO true! I'm definitely going to be working on contacting and spending more time with loved ones!
Stoic philosopher, Seneca (4 BC - 65 AD), said it well in a letter to Paulinus: 'It is not that we have a short space of time, but that we waste much of it. Life is long enough, and it has been given in sufficiently generous measure to allow the accomplishment of the very greatest things if the whole of it is well invested.'
Sadia , you are a beautiful soul! World really need more people like you.
Really appreciated the visualization on the graphs. Good points, enjoy your journey.
Haven’t seen mom in last 5 years, love you mom, I really do !
This video personally makes me reflect on how much important is to choose our partner wisely. Probably personally this thought is due to the fact that my boyfriend and me are in a crisis, after 5 years (we are 30), where we faced a difficult period and he is not sure about to continue fight for us. I hope everything will turn on the better for both of us.
Thank you for this meaningful content.
Emma
This video is core essential to every living human.
I’m 70 and I spend a lot of my time alone and love it. I’m never bored and I like being with me.
I am an isolator. My reasons are many but as I grow older….I do want to reconnect more with my family, friends, and I want to cherish those that bring me joy each day…. My colleagues
I by product of extreme social anxiety, is a am perfectly happy in my own company :) but this video makes me want to reach out to my parents more xxx
A very unique topic. We need to be our best company. Be joyful internally. Then you can have good relationship with your ownself and others
If I had watched this over 2 years or more ago, Id have thought "what a load of Hippie rubbish", but because I found out , in my 50s and just over a year and half ago I had ADHD. So, my mind wouldn't  have been able to release, settle or even been able to focus on your words and message. After over 50 years of Anger, Hate, lack of affection or expression, Depression, failure to complete just about anything, suicide attempts and generally not a nice person to be with and most likely the reason I have 2 failed marriages.
It's not "Hippie Rubbish" and as 2023 is the year I focus on being a better version of me, this has helped add to my list to improve and develop, as well as your journaling video.
These lessons you shared, are the foundation for emotional, mental and well being for anyone on their own road to "being better".
Thank you.
Wow! So relatable topic! Getting perspective of time is difficult but very necessary. Some of the ways to enjoy one's own company is reading, being in nature so you don't feel lonely, catering to your hobbies and self-care seem appealing to me. Thanks for making so relevant and genuine topic Sadia!
The graphs seem to make sense. I see my dad and brother once a week and its always a great time. Friends are good, but family is the best. I hope to have one of my own one day. But if not I'm grateful for the time I've had.
What an incredible way of telling a story about your journey without boring the audience! I tried to skip in between, but really couldn't. I believe you'll be a successful and soulful book writer
 who will inspire millions, including me. Thank you for the video.
Keep being awesome
Im almost done with a quarter of my life 'almost' (25 xD) but, somehow through the various struggles and bumps on the road, I feel like my ability to be alone with myself has improved a lot, im able to somehow channelise my thoughts better and possibly find a way through. Thank you for bringing such an interesting thing to notice. Love your work.
Loved this video!
 I spend a lot of time alone and I actually really enjoy it. I live a simple life with my husband, without kids or even pets, which leaves plenty of time for hobbies and passion projects. I meet up with friends from time to time and I see my family every 1 or 2 weeks. To be honest, I really like this balance.
always makes me envious to see such a beautiful family together, being a single child can be incredibly lonely. but it’s true, spend as much time with those who are special to you, you never know how long they’re going to be around.
I love this video so much! I find myself spending more time in the present moment as I get older and appreciating so much more whether it be with family, friends, or coworkers.. I do have to spend more time being present with myself. I think that being intentional and present in our day to day is what makes it so much better.
I think every story/ life is different. As a kid I was already quite alone, during my teenage years I had the greatest times with friends
 and this past few years I was with partners that reinforced my childhood issues. Thankfully, I've learned to heal those patterns and now I remember who I was before all the trauma and right after that, destiny knocked at my door. I was never so at peace in my entire life
 I've met the love of my life and now I'm finally heard and seen. In my case I think it's quite the reverse. I already spent so much time on my own that I really love company and quality time with the people I love the most.
I enjoy time alone a lot in order to recharge and meditate, but I love connecting with others more than anything
Your story is really touching
 my partner is moving from the US to here 6000 miles away to start a life together so I totally understand.
Great video as always !
“..So, I do want to learn to enjoy more of my own company for the sake of my future self.” I think that one sentence pretty much encapsulated exactly what I’ve been intending to do during the last decade of my life but never really knew how to express it. Thank you for putting it into words for me!
this is all so true... my childhood passed so quickly and now each day my kids are growing so fast... Sadia you have evoked so much emotions and got us thinking...need to spend good time with family ..... thank u so much... love from india
To me this video is so sad - but it is something you have to be aware of.  Time does pass quickly.  Make sure you spend time with your family.
I used to watch all of your videos during lockdown and I saw it today out of nowhere. So happy to see you again, it brings back so many memories to me..
I am 30, unmarried and already spending a lot of time alone and I enjoy it!!
You've made me more conscious about how I'm allocating my time and how to use it more wisely.
Really enjoyed the video and the warmth you put into your voice and presentation. I think time alone is important to get to know ourselves better and do the things that bring us joy and purpose, yet I don't see statistics as a general rule for how things actually are or should be. A good friend of mine who is 77 or 78 is one of the most sociable, wise, fun and adventurous people I've ever met. He's travelling all over the world, staying in hostels or in different places he rents out with a few close friends and living life to the fullest, meeting new people, hanging out with them, going dancing, hiking and having meaningful conversations. It all comes down to our choices, I think
 And it's good to know the statistics to not be one of them
Life is a fleeting flame, a brilliant burst of light that dances in the wind. It is a symphony of moments, each one a note that blends together to create a melody that is unique to every soul. And in the end, when the final note fades into silence, death comes to collect us, to usher us into a new chapter of existence. But do not fear death, for it is not an end, but a transformation. It is a release from the toils and troubles of this world, a chance to spread your wings and soar to new heights. It is the beginning of a journey that will take you to unknown places, where you will discover new wonders and be reunited with loved ones who have gone before you. So embrace life and cherish every moment, for it is short and beautiful, and death is a beautiful thing too.
I love how relatable these videos are (may not be exactly.. but) The guilt at the back of my mind when I think of my dream life I want to build, and how much of it is with a partner, co-workers and friends, and very little with my family. It feels nice to know that it will be the case, and to make most of the time with fam when it does exist. And the struggle to be always happy or okay with being alone is ever present.
This video is scary and reassuring at the same time
Hi. First time leaving a comment for you. Your voice and attitude are so calming, great video.!  I lost both my parents a while ago, and my only sister lives with her husband in Arizona while I live in Ecuador with my husband and my 2 year old toddler. Time really goes fast and I stopped regretting the words I didn't say or things didn't do back then and started living today. My son opened my eyes to New possibilities and I love how he appreciates the simple things. It is so important to enjoy your own company, read, learn new things, never stop exploring. Each one of us is unique and so is our Lifetime, so we better seize it while wey can!
This is really good. I totally agree with this. Everyone should watch this. Thanks!
I just love how calm and soothing your videos are. I was feeling restless and came across this one, much appreciated! <3
I love the softness in your voice . I am your big fan since from college time I have been watching your videos... they are very soothing and calming I often repeat your videos whenever I feel I am tangled in my thoughts,  your videos and your voice makes my day always makes me feel better and I hope it does for others too... every pie of your life which you showcase in your videos inspires me be become a woman like you and I am constantly working on myself to become a woman like you ....  keep on growing we support you. Sending love from India
Nicely articulated! Thanks for making me become aware of the time graph. Sometimes just being aware of something is enough to handle it well. One thing I found a better alternatve to seeing a therapist is meditation, yoga, serving the society without expecting something in return, and being in knowledge in a spiritual path.
love this Sadia, choosing to spend quality time with family and people we love is such a blessing and we think we have all the time in the world and neglect them sometimes, but this is a great reminder. thank you!
You, sharing your stories with the world is appreciated. You have a kind voice. Your story touches with thoughts so many of us have about moving away, trying new places and finding new journeys. Thank you for sharing. Not only are you an amazing teacher for plant based eating but good health for our souls. Thank you
In a long time i haven't seen such a smooth and genuine personality in a video..very well put together..I'll definitely be watching more.
Thank you for sharing this video. Spending time with family is fine IF you have got a caring one...Mine is so dysfunctional that I'm trying to avoid them most of the time...I am 52 and I see now that the alone time in the old age is not chosen, people die, quit, are sick,etc...In France I think that we do not take good care of our elderlys. I'm a mother of three, I love them to the moon but, after having given them roots, I'm now giving them wings. I cherish my friends and my husband and learn how to love my alone time. The path is sometimes tough, but rewarding at the end.
I just love your contents. You voice is so calming and what you share is often inspiring and thought provoking. I've become a mum in recent years and I am definitely finding that children grow up so fast. There are often moments where I wish I get to run away because parenting absolutely pushes us to our very limit. At the same time, I wouldn't trade any of the moments I have with my child for anything in this world. I know it will break my heart when he flies the roost but for now, I will enjoy every moment I get with him. Thank you for your reminder of how precious our time is and that life truly is short.
It is so True that when you progress in age, when you don't prepare you end up spending most of your time alone.
I believe that when you prepare, in terms of not neglecting friends and family,  and make sure that life does nit end as soon as you retire,  by developping other interests like volunteering, or being active in different communities like church or other organisations your life will be more balanced, and a lot more pleasant.
I'm 51 (and live also in the Netherlands).  I have a big family, I've known relationships, I've been living together but love it the most now I'm living on my own (with my cat) for 9 years !   I think I'm keeping it this way but who will tell about an unexpected love in the future
I love your smile and intentionality of your thoughts and speeches
You are such a gentle soul I love you
Much appreciate this reflective video on something that I am trying out myself. I just got married, relocated, ended an oversea job contract, and started a new life with my husband at a new city. We also just experienced a miscarriage and having sometime for myself. The greatest lesson to learn now is how to spend time with myself and making a new set of friends outside of the work arena. The journey hasn’t been easy thus far. Thank you for reminding me that time spent can be intentional and purposeful.
This is a very inspiring video. Now that I'm in my late 50's and recently widowed, I had a new appreciation of how I spend my time wisely.  Thank you for always motivating us to be a better version of ourselves!
I love how you touch on topics that resonate with so many of us and evoke so many emotions. I could hug you now
Thank you for sharing - yes I enjoy being by myself over the years for the past 15 odd years it enhanced my gifts and talents without judgement I guess it felt naturally to be alone since I lost my parents young - as times went by I grew to be facililater for spiritual growth & personal growth it's a joy to share my mistakes and learnings to be just peaceful n happy - in gratitude to everyone n everything
My mom died about 1.5 years ago and I spent most of my time with her and in the late stage of her cancer taking care of her. Now I’m reliant on my friends and life is so different. It is not different in a bad way, I love them. It is hard to live without her nonetheless. Please treasure every waking moment you have with loved ones!
Thank you for sharing :) ... defo a needed reminder. I liked the graph you shared whilst describing the years.
Definitely agree that being alone doesn't equate loneliness and it's something to become comfortable with before we reach that stage.
This video randomly popped up in my feed and I'm glad it did !
I have been worrying over my life pretty much as of late, like how to use my time wisely and effectively. Then yeah you uploaded one! I would say your channel is the most comforting one whether it’s related to foods or ideas about how to be grateful with the life we have got. Thanks to you! Please bring videos like this more often. Sending love and best wishes on your way
Wonderful video.
Two life events made me cherish my family and true friendship more deeply: a rocky breakup and a job layoff. These were challenging seasons where I felt overwhelmed and heartbroken, yet my loved ones stepped up and stood by me. Since, I have valued these relationships deeply and try to be intentional and hold space for them amongst the busyness of life.
Hello everyone
I have read most of the comments on this valuable video and I would like to share my view. First of all excuse my English as I am not a native speaker. Anyway, the best thing I learnt from my 56 years of experience is to enjoy every single minute as being the last one in my life. The fact of having a family, friends, and some people around us is a blessing. But to end up lonely is to get back to our innet truth and feel it deeply that there the suprime power God with us. Believe if you manage to feel it there is nothing to bother you at all. To live in peace is to accept life process as it isand to never delay your happiness . Enjoy the time you are with parents, kids friends because no one can stagnate the life train. A million thanks for having me think
This was a very heartfelt video.  I would say the studies are spot on.  Many of us find ourselves spending more time alone because as time comes and goes we are evolving.  I’ve experienced many people passing over the last ten years.  So my circle has gotten smaller.  I’m much older, I’ll be 62 in a few weeks and people my age sometimes want to be at home or not as active.  Though many of us are pushing back on that narrative because some do exercise, keep our minds active and desires have not died.
Thank you again for sharing this! It may be a topic I’ll have with my family and friends to hopefully make sure we hold one another accountable to connect more.
Your video has come at such a weird and beautiful time for me. I also like you moved to the Netherlands, and missing family has been the hardest part especially knowing how life goes by between us. My grandma is currently dying of terminal cancer and yet while I am far away, I fully agree that every moment should be significant and I have learned to treasure the visits (although brief) with her. I have found that it really is about the time we spend with the ones we love the most. Thank you for sharing this <3
Beautifully said.... Good for you to have chosen BetterHelp as sponsors and they did well to come to you, too. I've been an expat for all my life and know how missing an entire family can be. Whatever the case is or might be for anyone out there, thank you for putting this out for whomever might need a little hand up
Very much relate to your discussion of time spent in relationships and even the paid promotion (therapy for homesickness). I especially appreciate you shared that you “abandoned” your family but your mom did the same. Can’t relate more.
Thank you for the video, it was definitely thought provoking. I’m 47 and I feel as though I’m moving through that timeline a lot faster. I’m not married and my daughter is grown and living on her own. I have a very small dedicated friend group and family my age is spending more time with their immediate families. I’m learning to love the time alone and really understanding that alone does not always equate to lonely
Spending time with family and learning how to be comfortable being alone are the two biggest lessons I am learning as I am growing older.
Thank you so much for this beautiful video.  When I was in my twenties and thirties, being on my own scared me to death
. Now I am in my mid fities and I enjoy spending time with people, friends, family but I DO cherish being on my own and no, I do not feel lonely.  Am big into yoga, there is still so much in life I love to learn ...  I never thought I would enjoy spending time on my own but now I do.  So you can see, we all change and keep on changing through life
Can you make a video about friends and friendship?
How should we pick them, deal with them, our limits etc...
And partners as well
I saw these graphs a few weeks ago and it really hit me. It made me realize that I had to make a shift in my life and take action now. Learning to be at peace alone is also an on going learning but so rewarding
This video has to be one of my favourites already, I am saving it to rewatch! Thank you so much for sharing your stories and reflexions with us (and the fact that you have so much amazing footage from life moments wows me every time)! As someone who moved abroad (and now came back home and is strongly considering to emigrate permanently in the future with my partner) it really reasonated with me, even the sponsorship in the end, online therapy can be extremely helpful
 Thank you, thank you, thank you!
There is this quote from the Office (yes, I realise this is not the most intellectual, artistic source but anyways) that says "I wish there was a way to know you were in the good old days before you actually left them." Your video made me think of it too. You never know how much time you have left with a person you love, or whether the simple daily moments will be once beautiful memories you will look back upon. It is so important to cherish them! Thank you as always for a very worthwhile and thoughtful video! All the best from London <3
Your mum solo backpacking, WoW now that is inspirational
I am just 22 and i used to think being an introvert kid, I must be comfortable being alone. But recently I have realised how much I try to distract myself with tv shows and what not just to avoid any confrontation with being lonely with my own thoughts. Hoping to work on it and get better. lovely video!
U Right..I don’t spend enough time with the important people in my life…& learning to enjoy my alone time…with myself..U hit on the head…
I've always loved the content you consider for your videos. But, this one stole my heart! I've been noticing how most women have always had someone to focus on apart from themselves. And, they've seldom been alone. Or, if and when alone are often distracted. Lately, I've been enjoying my company and I've realized that there's sometimes a want for more! As we grow, it's only wise for us to have a smaller and meaningful circle. And, to love spending time with ourselves, our thoughts, our emotions, and focus on our breathing! May you continue to share the good stuff!
I like how you have mentioned that alone time is just as important as family and friends time. Its important to fully be happy with yourself and in turn you nurture your relationships with your family and friends better and easily.
You become a better person when you are truly happy within yourself and better company
I am now getting master degree at a city far away from my hometown, which make me realize that I just have fewer and fewer time spending with mt familes, so I need to cherish every moment with them.
I lost my mom to cancer 5 years ago. I was 25 and she was 55. She died in her sleep, but before she passed, I asked for forgiveness. I knew she wouldn't reply to me since she was under the effect of morphine, but I had to. I regretted I hadn't spent more time with her. I remember I asked her to forgive me because I didn't hug her enough (I don't usually hug people, friends are family included). I took her time in this earth for granted. But as weird as it sounds I also felt at peace. A peace I had never felt before because I knew she forgave me. I don't believe in God, or in a higher power, but I do believe she listened to me.
Around 10 minutes before she died, she started to cough and to breathe in a weird way. My sister and I told her that she had our permission to die, that she fought enough and that we were gonna be okay, it was as though she was asking for permission to leave us, and she died one minute after we told her we were gonna be fine.
She was my person and I miss her terribly.
Thanks for your videos, they warm my heart and your voice is helping a lot of people.
So funny, I made a video about this same data a month ago and had similar takeaways.
One of them was that we should be even more selective about WHO we work with than we are about WHAT we do for a living. There is so much focus in life on what we should do for work, but we seldom discuss how significant an impact the people we work with have on our lives. Between the ages of 20 to 60 we spend more time with our coworkers than our actual family. Who we work with matters.
That was great meeting
 thankyou. Recently I'm so depressed about what to do after High school, but you make me calm and now I can think calmly what to take next decision.
I’m turning 30 next week. I know its just a silly number. But now im thinking about things I didn’t use to think about before mostly about Time. Time time time and how for example it was both “forever ago” and “just yesterday” that I was turning 20, 25 etc. It makes me think that god willing the next couple of decades will fly on by just as quick if not quicker. And I just hope I can slow down and smell the roses, soend time with my loved ones, try learn new things, make more memories
Loved the topic of this video. Really appreciate your discussing life stories, relationships and family and particularly how you deal with these personally. Would really appreciate more of these type of videos, particularly around the topic of living away from family and making/keeping friends in adulthood.
I am impressed by your videos thank you.
I am 52 came out of my country with my child at the age of 30. From Indian village to Kuwait.
Learnt languages and got a graduate and masters then job.
As you said exactly matches the relationship in my Life graph also.
Thank you so much.
Now I am doing one course and doing gym and cooking playing violin and table tennis
Being alone is part and parcel of our life.
Maximum we have to help and guide others and cheers life is short and sweet
I had a mid life crisis when I was 23. It was tough, but I'm really happy I went through that back then instead of now.
Where have you been all my life sadia? Thank you so much!
Wow..what a beautiful video Sadia !! The last graph is something everyone shud be prepared for..
We need to be reminded more than we need to be taught. I'll be tossing that around in my head for a few days! Great food for thought.
This is so comforting learning about this concept
You are so right about how fast the time goes! Being able to be comfortable with yourself is very important because as some point we will all be there, whether because we never married or due to the loss of a partner/spouse. I love the saying that Family is not just by blood - I have a small very close circle of friends who I truly feel are my bonded family, an extension of those who I am family with through blood. These friends are family through shared experiences and time together (some I've known since we were 5 yrs old!!) Time for family by blood is so important too and so easily missed as life gets busier for all. It's part of what I call "intentional living" you have to make time for all those important aspects that help create a life so full of joy and love - those things don't just happen! Thanks for posting this one - great to have it out there for all to hear and hopefully take to heart. PS - I think one other thing folks need to feel ok about is walking away from friends that we have either outgrown or grown apart from - as we get older we should look for relationships that are truly life giving and "feed" us in how we contribute to them and they contribute to us. Thanks again - your site is wonderful!!
Thank you Sadia
 Also moved to the Netherlands for my partner some years ago and have been homesick often throughout my time here. Immigrating has been/ is one of the hardest journeys I'm transitioning through and wanted some professional support with that. I've also found that the therapists available to me here are rather ice-cold clinical or unprofessional at best which has been frustrating for me and I so I wanted to get on here to express my sincere gratitude for mentioning Better help
 I've been looking for online alternatives and will give it a go with them. Thanks again
*BRITISH COLUMBIA PEOPLE
make this sort of lectures so excellent.
You Too. Are Always Well At Food Styling.
(sometimes let appear in terms of *korean cooking
for instance>> hot pepper flakes, crush g a r l i c s with palm over the knife.
Thank you as one of korean) ♡
Really beautiful, thank you for the inspiration! I must add that there was a study in National Geography that demonstrated that the communities around the world that lived the longest were those who were built on a network of friends and families. They grew old while constantly surrounded by those they loved and that’s what kept them alive the longest!!
you are so lucky. you've had a blessed life.
Hi Sadia
Recently I have been going into guilt trips regarding whether or not we are giving much of time and attention to our parents in return of what they gave us. This study and your perspective help to  clarify that. Thank you so much for being courageous enough to talk on such crucial but neglected topic.
thank you for sharing this. love the awakening notes of the evolution of our connections. there's a season for everyone.
Thank you so much Sadia for the small  bits of information that you keep giving in between, that you learn and keep spreading the knowledge to us.
I turned 50 this year and your story resonates so well with me
I saw a video that explained the following: If you live in another state/country than your parents, on average you see them once a year. As they reach retirement they have about another 10-15 years to live (on average). Whithout actually thinking about it we subconciously settle in to the idea that our parents will be around for a long time still. If we actually take the time to think about it, if you see them 1 time a year you will see them only another 10-15 times in their lifetime. Looking at the number of times vs the number of years really helps put it into focus for me. She lives in another state and I certainly don't see her as often as I would like to. This really helps me understand that time is fleeting and I need to make an effort to see her more than just once a year.
Thanks for the video! Being a mom of two kids, 4 and 6 years old, it was so good to see your mom in a solo backpack trip, it kinda reminded me that I will be able to do this again when they grow up!
I used to be so uncomfortable with being alone. Not anymore. I got very ill (chronically) and my body forced me to learn to be alone. I took up the challenge and learnt to love my alone time. I am still a very social person, but being alone is something I like now.  I am 35, still ill, newly single and I live with my two sisters, my brother in law and little niece. I see my friend as much as my illness allows me to. Going against the norms and statics have always led me closer to my self and my values. So when I see the graphics in the video, I thank myself for having the courage to go against the norms.
Spending time with your parents and siblings is v important, especially if they are getting older. You never know when you may loose them.  I've love my own time and space, always have. It is how I revitalise.
LIFE IS NOT SHORT!!! THAT IS A MYTH! Just because it's short for you doesn't mean it's short for everyone people just waste time
I think the data is super interesting and also not entirely surprising! My life has been a little different, I already spend a lot of time alone, probably too much, but that's a factor of my career path, and also that my ability to make friends isn't great. However, as an aromantic-asexual person, I value platonic relationships HIGHLY and the friends I do have, though I'm often far away from them, I always wish I could spend more time with, and try to make the time I do spend with them as fulfilling as possible. Since I don't ever plan on having a partner, I really want and need to work on cultivating friendships (including short term ones, honestly, even if they aren't majorly fulfilling, they're necessary when I'm too far away from friends and family), and remain in touch with my family and try and spend more time with them when I'm in their vicinity. This is a great video Sadia!
2. "Intentional about friendships..." @4:17 expresses my self-discovery. I've found building a list of 30 friends became a challenge and I realized I've let several slip. I now treat this list as a "to do" list. Instead of being productive for a project this list is my "to friend" list making sure I contact each that month. Then again next month. Without the structure of a work place full of co-workers, this list provides the structure I need for friendships. I think it works at any age.
I love the soft way you are talking....
Yes Family is important in our life I think I can't live without my family
What a great video reminder Sadia.. this one really brought up a lot of emotions for me. It's such great but gentle reminder to really prioritise how we spend our time.
And so true about kiddos. I've a niece too from my marriage and it's always fascinating and sad to see how soon they grow up. One day they are in our arms wanting cuddles and the next they are tiny personalities of their own..
Why did you have to make me cry, Sadia?
 I agree, and have been cherishing spending time with my parents every week.  This video is a great reminder.  Thank you
I really enjoy this video because it shines light on how vastly different my life has been until now at the age of 35 …
I went to university so I had the emphasis on friendships and partners in my 20’s, but instead of choosing a career / marriage / creating my own family - I decided to travel the world for 2 years alone …
I have now spent more time with my family in my early 30’s and am hoping to pursue a meaningful career / purpose as well as find my life partner and create a family in my later adult years.
I thoroughly enjoy time alone and try to find a healthy balance with that now.
Thank you for sharing
Live and study alone.
Speak many languages.
Far away from family and friends.
However,everyday I always told myself it is another time to win and conquer
That's is so interesting ! I already feel this at 25 years ! I cherish even more my friendships like they are members of my family and I call my sisters , parents and brother more than before. It's important to be mindful ! Thank you for this video
I'm not sure if you will see this now, but I just wanted to let you know comforting I find watching your videos.  You have such a soothing voice, and your demeaor gives a sense of acceptance and understanding in the things many of us do as silly humans. The way you give these tips is like listening to a friend. I really appreciate you and your videos is what I am saying hehe ♡
Wow.  Thanks for sharing the graphs.  Very good reminder we need to be comfortable with our alone time.  I had more alone time in my twenties than I anticipated but did find I could spend it with grace and the love of my faithful dog.
Not gonna lie, that graph was life changing. It was such an obvious thing that you are the person you spend the most time with. But I think I just needed a visual representation of what that actually meant. The gap between that line and all the others is always huge (except in those few years if you have children). So that means its not just about learning to be alone, or even learning to enjoy it. I genuinely believe its about having the best time ever with yourself. Because if you're gonna spend all that time alone, you really do need to make it incredible. Thanks for this video Sadia, it was really important
I do online therapy weekly and it was the best thing, I searched someone that has the same nationality as I so I don`t need to "translate" my feelings and it has been amazing, specially for expats this is something that I feel it made a difference in my life and in my relationship.
Such a thought provoking video!! Thanks so much Sadia. I've also been realising how much I've taken time with family for granted all this time! And I cherish every bit of it now
Loved the video, thanks!
All the best for your future!!
Thank you so much for this reminder
 I really appreciate your videos! They leave me always with a good feeling! You're such an inspiring person
Great video, thoughtful and relaxed, loved it.
I experience the graph as accurate as we age being 57 myself now. I think we tend to talk less and listen more as we age, it leads to increased learning and better understanding PLUS it’s on of the best most valuable ways of giving, in my opinion.
One thing I would like to share is this. They say that youth is wasted on the young, well middle age can be wasted on the middle aged. I had an 84 year old client who reminded me of how I might feel like I am getting old, but I am actually only 57 years young. I do feel a little stiff in the limbs when I get up, but at 84 it takes half an hour before you start to feel you can get moving at all! Of course we are all different but telling yourself you are not as young as you used to be, well that’s not helpful for sure.
Keep up the great work and if you guys are ever in Almere, feel free to connect.
Great video. I relate to this. Early family memories, moving away, losing touch of early roots can be unsettling. We should always appreciate the moments but we probably will not unless you take risks as you did which help you realise.
I decided to homeschool my kids for now & I’m so grateful for all the extra hours I’ve gotten with them.
Wow...that chart really represents how my life has gone so far. Being alone sounds scary when you're young. I was always with friends and coworkers in my 20's and into my 30's, then my husband and then kids with heavy doses of my parents mixed in. Now at 50 with kids grown and until recently my mother 1000 miles away, I cherish my alone time so much. And I think you will too. Your 30's and 40's are a very busy and tiring (but so fulfilling) time of your life. Quiet time is so precious to me now. This was very interesting, thank you!
Life is eternal, matter is short, its all about extended the lifespan of matter by doing good unto it..
Discipline the soul..
I am prioritising time with family now. Soon I'm moving back from the Netherlands, because that home-sickness kicked again, from time I have a child on my own.
This was lovely. Thank you, lots of food for thought. I hugged my husband a little longer this morning, spending so much time alone really hit me. So grateful for Pick Up Limes
I wasted years of my life pursuing what I thought could fulfill me. I was lost as hell. I was searching for a feeling of purpose, being appreciated, being loved in many different wrong places such as career achievements, clubs, others’ opinions, etc. I worked hard for many years to graduate and have a stable high paying job and acquired most of the materialistic pursuits I’ve ever wanted but that spike of happiness didn’t last until I had enough and started to ask myself many existential questions that truly make this life matters and that’s when I got out of severe depression and actually experience how it is to be fully alive rather that being like a puppet and just let my life pass me by. So many sacrifices are needed to actually attain the authentic life I was scared of facing for so many years so that I can stay in my comfort zone but be miserable. I will be uploading videos that I hope can inspire others as well. It takes time but I will never stop.
It resonates when you say relationships (for them to work) have to be intentional. Too often, I take it for granted that the closed ones would be there and we can just turn it on like a tap, but I feel that is over-exploiting the value of kinship and friendship and eventually there is a drawdown because it just can't sustain by just taking and not giving back.
When I feel lonely… I remind myself to choose growth over company. I now have only one real friend in t city and my best friend lives on the other side of the country. I was thinking of this video before I watched it .
Have always loved your videos and this one is a gem too! Also, have been following you for roughly 5 years now, and I dunno how YOU ARE NOT AGINGGGGG!
I just had to put down my 10 year old cat companion. It was the hardest things I ever had to do. First time and I have no idea how I'm going to get through it. Your video helped me a bit, thank you so much for making it.
This is quite a beautiful and thought-provoking video. Thank you for all that you do in this space, you are truly one of the very best content creators out there.
Thank you for making this video.  Thank you for being a good person!    We need more of you in this world.
This video came at the perfect time.  Thank you for your insight
What I love the most about ur videos is ur beautiful smile with all the confidence
I am 57, raised 4 kids, all grown up, two living on their own, two with me, divorced 4 years ago. I lost my dad 5 years, my everything l, work 5 days a week, fitness twice a week, have 2 very good friends and learned to be alone, read, journal. It is all part of life to grow and cherish the knowledge we gain from every beautiful soul we meet to enrich our journey and share our experiences with the next generation. I feel so rich.
I ALWAYS WAIT FOR YOUR VIDEOS <3 so calming and comforting, and i love your recipes and advices! Thank you so much, Pick Up Limes
You're such an inspiration. Thank you for sharing your story, it resonates so much with my own.
Loved this video! So thought provoking and well-explained
I have a different perception to offer: not to be ungrateful for what I did have but the mainly family time part was honestly a negative growing up in a difficult situation so I am relieved to spend less time w family as I get older and it is actually great news that it only has to be the first part of your life and you can make the best of it and take your life anywhere and make it better from there it is just a starting point but doesn't have to define you or limit your potential to create a life where you are healthy happy and loved for anyone who also started out in unhealthy toxic or abusive home/family situations and relationships
 I am pretty comfortable alone and keep working on it bc you're so right that's important, also pets are wonderful, and coworkers and friends are as well. And partners! I don't have a partner and have been single the vast majority of my life but it that's not to say I wouldn't love and be so happy to have a partner to navigate life with
I really appreciated the way you presented better help as a solution and love that that service exists :)
So true
Me too moved 10000 miles away,from parents and I miss them every day,now I have teenagers who are not very nice to my parents and I am not comfortable calling them and stay with me for few months.
Its so sad and always crashes me.
I tried to talk to the teenagers,but no remedies.
Just praying if a angel will come and put the correct thoughts in their minds.
I wasted years out of my life. NEVER AGAIN... I remember the past 8 years, I was so broke I couldn't even afford a meal. I had to realize that at that point that no one was going to walk me through things in life and I had to do this on my own and figure out everything alone. I now live in the nordic woods of Sweden and post about self improvement after surviving a great ordeal in life, from the Boston bombing attack to being homeless, depressed struggling with an anxiety disorder and other mental disorders before I studied my pain and got certified in therapy. I used it to heal and run my own business and also move out of Miami where I worked in a corner store overnight in one of the most dangerous hoods in Miami. I am so grateful I got out, because I knew the other route, and it was not going to end well. I hope I get to help at least one person reading this, I just started uploading weekly videos on YouTube as well
After 30 years we slowly become lonely...
Life is too short  :(
Thank you Sadia for sharing!
Beautiful video with a beautiful message. Thank you!
Goodmorning! I actually shared my cup of tea with you. This video is the Universe replying to my question about living in Solitude. In my younger days, I felt the desparate need to seek Company. To be alone and do things on your own was regarded as being a loner, weirdo or that you are going through something. But as I turn 50, I realise that there is something so magical about Solitude. Finally, I am in my own space, with myself. Enjoy simple things like cooking, going for vege shopping, bargaining at the flea market. I love this time.
I'm in my early 30s and last year I suddently realised how much time I spent alone, and it was kind of a shock. I live on my own, I work from home 2 out of 5 days, have coworkers who are openly not interested in creating new connections (and made sure to tell me exactly that from day 1), I like individual activities (walking, gym, reading, listening to podcasts), and the only group sport I do doesn't involve much talking (swimming). It can feel very lonely at times, and it got me thinking about the time we share with others and how valuable it is. How it is impossible to thrive when we are completely on our own and how we can be independent and still need others
Great video. Something I learned. “Those who can’t learn to be alone will always be lonely.”  I love spending time with my family and my friends. I love time alone time too. It’s good to be able to recharge your batteries!! Thanks again for the great video.
We r going to Canada and ur words inspired me especially for my little daughter to find her way
I think Spending time by ourselves and what kind of hobbies we have or how we like to spend time when we are just by ourselves go hand in hand.
Would you be able to make a video about hobbies?
I would love to know your perspective on that
I'm 24 and I moved from France to Canada 3.5 years ago. I'm so close with my family and friends back home, and I didn't really know if I would stay in Canada since I was first there for studying. But then I met someone and I just see myself spending my life with him. Because of that I'm starting to realize that my life is here now and I will probably never again live close to family or to my closest friends back home and I feel kind of guilty about it even though I'm also excited about my life with my partner. But I call my mom several times a week, sometimes just to hang out while we're both doing other stuff but we can talk and know what's going on in each other's life and I really appreciate it. I made such close friends that I studied with for 3 or 4 years for some and now, even though we text a lot, we mostly only call a few times a month and I know those times aren't coming back but I miss them. I've made great friends here as well and I am friends with my coworkers and I am so thankful for it as we spend so much time around each other but I'm kind of nostalgic of those days where everyone lived so close and everything was so easy.
As you were talking and showing that graph I got emotional.
More than the recipe videos, I love your tea-time Tuesdays
I love being alone. I always have something to do, I am never bored. Spending some time with friends is nice but being alone is even better;)
A  lovely thought-provoking video. I also left my family and moved abroad when I was 27, and my mum also moved abroad in her early 20s. I wish I had spent more time with my parents - I always thought I'd have more time once my kids grew up and I could travel more. But I lost my dad suddenly a few years ago during Covid and our limited time with our loved ones became a painful reality. I can't turn back time and the guilt will always be there but I now appreciate and value every moment I get with my mum.
This was really cool! I agree with your observations of the graph and I live my life super aware of cultivating healthy relationships. It’s really all that matters in the long run
You're an amazing person! Thank you for your light and your wisdom!
This was so enlightening, love the graphs, makes me want to go and hang out my friends right now!
I so agree with you regarding the time with children. I have no kids but I am a 5-time uncle and I held everyone of them in my arms. And now they start ending school and I think to myself: wow, where have all the 15years been ?
Sending all of you lots of love.
Such a thought provoking video. I've just had twin girls who are now 9 months old and the time just seems to have flown by. I tell myself everyday just to enjoy them being little and watching them explore the world and grow as it will all be gone sooner than we realise. Although life is long these times feel like they go in the blink of an eye. I enjoy my alone time all the more at this stage but I'm sure as I get older that will change. Thanks for this video, I loved it.
Great video!  I think for me as I have grown older, cultivating meaningful relationships outside of family has been key. I do value time with family, but sometimes due to familial conflicts/issues, everything isn't so clear cut for everyone. However, one can totally select who they allow into their inner circle of friendships.
Your videos are therapy, I nowhere feel more at peace, than when I am watching your videos. Absolutely love you and your content!
I love videos like this, especially coming from you
 your advise and ideas are always insightful
I love time alone. But right now I have good friends.
Read an article before, for some with age around 30's, and yr parents are at their 60's, if the average age is 80,  it actually left 20 years to travel together with them.   If there is certain season that you or they prefer, like autumn, it left 20 autumn memories with them, without eliminating any pandemic or other factors that causing the plan delay... spend time with your loved one.
I am 67 and all you said is so true. When I was young I didn't like at all to be alone. Now I enjoy being by myself most of the time, although I have a great husband that I love, good friends and my son's beautiful family very nearby.
She's successfully made such an impact with so much ease
Love this video. I really made me think about time spent with my family, kids, husband, friends and alone
Thnak you for discussing this important topic. I have the same thoughts since I reached my 40s. The importance of time and how and with whom we spend it. I for one have no problem spending time alone. On the contrary, I always try to plan some days where I am by myself. It helps me redefine my goals and reset.
Such a powerful message you sent in this video!
 thank you!
3 mins into this video and I’m
I see my parents weekly, but hav skittle ones that at times feel like I just want to be alone and then the guilt settles in. This was a beautiful video
I enjoyed every bit of your content. More love to this world and families. I think the purest form of love is to pay attention to people and give them your time. <3
Brilliant! Thanks for sharing these findings!
Thank you! it's inspirational! Thank you for your time making this video.
I am a stay-at-home mom of an 8-month old. There are challenging days when I wish the day was over so I could rest, then I wait for the week to be over to be with my busy husband finally, I wait for the winter to pass so it is warm outside again... always waiting for the time to pass. the video made me realize I should not wait for anything, and just enjoy every second of my life, with my little son, my husband and my parents who are still here, and family. I should not complain about not having time for myself at the moment coz I will get that time one day and maybe too much of it. I dont  want to spend hours and hours cleaning, but rather spend that time doing fun and important things. We never know anyway how long we are here for.
This is the best video I have ever watched on YT. Thanks for sharing this viewpoint.
Life is short! I love watching your videos and recipes. Inspires me to eat healthier. My Mom passed away and would love to have another day with her. So enjoy the time you have with your family and friends.
So true!  I hadn't fully realised this until my teenage son was hit by a car and died last year
.  We didn't even get to say goodbye.
Don't take even one day for granted.
Thank you so much for sharing your insights into this study, Sadia!
This video helped sooo much. Just another reason why I love this channel
 wellness all around
Proud of an Afghan Canadian women to be at this stage today. All the very best!
to be honest im thinking of your words , loniless never bother me because im always doing something, but start seeing change in my self for future
Such a beautiful message and a brilliant way to illustrate it. Thank you for sharing and inspiring.
Yay. Tea time is back!
As I think about spending more and more time alone, I realize it makes me sad.
 I should stick to the present. Thank you! You have always inspired me
Thank you for this great reflection video!
Thanks for sharing such interesting data along with your personal experiences and analysis. I have always been taught the importance of how we spend our time - the only true equaliser in life - but what I’ve learned since my burnout a few years ago is that over-ambition was a real problem as the pace of my life was getting out of control. Nowadays I slow down and focus on how I spend each day, what relationships I choose to invest time in and what incremental progress I can make as a person. Loneliness doesn’t scare me because of my faith and relationship with God, but the tendency to isolate oneself is detrimental in the long run. As with so many other things in life, balance is hard to achieve. But setting priorities and taking one day at the time is very helpful in my experience.
At one point of life when we have to walk away from family to pursue carriers ,studes etc.we all feel the same way. As the saying is, te distance makes heart  grow fonder ,that's jut wat happens.  So, use every moment wisely. And be with the ones who add a meaning to your life , without second thoughts.
I know that being alone doesn’t necessarily have to mean being lonely
What a brilliant video. Felt like we were having an insightful conversation in cafe. Thank you for sharing!
this was a great video. Love to hear your life perspective and this graph really did put things in a different light.
this was so helpful for me, how true that graph is.  It gives me a new outlook, where I am is normal, and I can make the changes I need (keep in touch with close friends in my own age group ...we obviously have the same needs likely
This is my first time watching your video and love the way you talk with such a beautiful smile
This is so true. Nothing stays the same forever
For me in my life right now i would wanna stay home , tired of trying to looking for places which are more greener but really makes you broken and lonely cos your just there to work but doesn’t feel like a place you call home,, been away for a long time without my family and i feel so ashamed not being there for them , met a lot of wrong people felt really traumatized out here in the real world , people are so awful to each other and I rather be alone most of the time , this video made me realize i dont belong here and i should go home for good 🥹
THIS VIDEO IS SO ALARMING FOR ME,,,THANKS FOR PUTTING UP
Very interesting. I see how I’ve deviated from the norm as well as in some ways conform to it. What I especially appreciated is your thoughts about being intentional with friends and coworkers—something most of us have probably taken for granted but definitely people who have been on my mind more thoughtfully in recent years. I’m in my mid 50s and have had many changes in both work and social life.
Thank you for sharing your best experience! That’s so great for my life.
Every word of your's was a take away for me. They brought some tears in the eyes. I'll revisit the video sometime again. Thanks for making me quantifying my time prioritizing the quality of it. (Also it reminded me of a video by Kurzgesagat - The tail end)
All I want to say is ' Thank you Sadia'
I Really do enjoy your videos.What you said really hits home different. I am a wife, Mum of two and I saw my parents want to spend time with us when they grew older. I hope to be more intentional in whom and how I spend time with. It's all so precious
The graphs makes me feel better because I love being alone.
So insightful! Thank you for this video
Oh my goodness, what timing for this video.  I am 57 and I was so happy when Covid brought my entire family back home. Now that life has opened up again, I feel lost.  I live near Seattle and there is a thing here called "The Seattle Freeze" which means that people are not extremely outgoing and friendly.  I have had a hard time making friends because it feels like people my age either already have a friend group or they prefer to be with their family.  My parents are both gone and my husband is dealing with cancer, so he is tired a lot and I am happy to stay near him and help, but I also need more.  I have joined art classes and tried to find my people, but it just isn't happening.
This video was much needed, thank you
This is a great reminder. Thanks for sharing.
I just loved this format of reflective n deep rooted content!!
Thank you so much for this video!
I also moved away from my family and it has been horribly difficult. We don't have a beautiful relationship, we had a lot of issues, there is a lot of toxicity, yet I also feel guilty for abandoning them. It feels like I am stuck, I can't really enjoy the life I've built for myself because I lost my family but I also don't want to go back to all the negativity of being around them..
I appreciate the meaningful content that you continue to afford us all. Thank you.
@pickuplimes Sadia ..... I have been following you for a rough 8yrs now and trust me everytime I feel lost ... I listen to you! You have a very calming voice ! Love you Sadia ! If you ever plan to visit India we shall meet for sure
thank you for sharing! Good opportunity for me to reflect, too. I've been following you for a few years now and love your videos <3
Such a great channel. I don't get to watch as much as I would like, but I appreciate this content. Thank you for the support and encouragement you give everybody :)
Wonderful video and food for thought for sure. Although on the part about alone-time, I have to disagree with your takeaway. Rather than getting comfortable being alone, I’d say it’s good to seek out friends who are in a similar life stage. I recently moved overseas with my husband and toddler. As I’m still looking for a job and making friends, I spend heaps of time alone - often with my daughter but that too feels like alone time. And it’s not a great feeling. I really think we are social beings and need company of others to thrive. The curve showing we spend more time alone as we get older worries me!
What we see in the graph is also a sign of families living apart from each other and the oldest generation living alone or in an elderly home rather than being looked after by their kids, which can be very lonely for them.
Thanks for sharing your and your family’s story. And well done to your mum’s solo adventure.
Love the way u fit all those observations in such a heartwarming  vedio
,been thinking a lot on these lines of late..
I just want to thank you for the great content you put out!
I first thought this video is about optimization, but as far as I know you from your other videos I couldn't trust my thought and gave it a try watching. I didn't get dissapointed :-) as always a heartwarming and well-minded video. Thanks.  And regarding "being alone": I also needed to learn that and over time learned to cherish that "me time". It can be so peaceful and empowering.
This is helpful... "Reminded, more than being thought"....
i couldnt have watched this video at a better time than now thank you sadia
I also love to be alone as someone with depression it really helps but i love spending Time with family cuz family is your TRUE friend i am also very introverted i like talking less i spend my alone time  playing ps5 and practicing Microsoft excel because economy these days is going down fast an i have no job so I've got ms excel and and my ps5 and most importantly my family   to keep me  company which means the world to me
Thank you for sharing your thoughts and perspectives on life.
we needed to hear this. thank you <3
I class myself as an extroverted-introvert. So, I love being around people and I can usually spark a  conversation with anyone (which my husband is quite envious of) but, there comes a time where my body battery drains and I crave time in solidarity. Mainly reading, watching a film or doing one of my hobbies but, just checking in with myself. Of course I love spending time with friends, family and my husband, more than anything. However, I've also found that if I don't allow myself that "down time" with myself then I easily crash and suffer with burn out. This video was very interesting and I loved leaving a comment. Thank you xx
Your video made me feel calm. Thank you very much for this beautiful words and pictures. The color of your tea was fantastic.
I love your thoughts on life and totally agree with it...also following the same which you have shared...thanks dear for such a lovely sharing.
These advices are mostly  good for extrovert and socialized people.  But when you too independent and introvert then you seek other things to spend time with.
Family not always good company and coworkers are not always spend their time with you they just in the same room watching their own monitor.
In a hostile enviroment you hard to affiliate with somebody.
I believe the values are the key to find the right way to spend time. But you have a good points in general for people.
Thank you for your video. It made me thinking about this subject.
I love your video clips, It’s all really good acknowledgment!
As always, this was such a beautiful video. Thank you so much for sharing your thoughts and family experiences. You are always such a joy to watch. (I also very much missed Tea Time Tuesdays lol)
I am living in a house alone, eating out alone and buying groceries alone, strolling alone but I'm not feeling lonely. I love this video. Just subscribed to your channel.
What a beautiful way of expressing toughest things in life in a very simplest way... I really appreciate this.... Love from Bangladesh...
I really enjoy your videos. You are an inspiration. Thank you for making this video and being open about your life.
I think we spend way too much time at work or tending to family/others needs and tend to overlook physical and mental well being of one’s own self. If there’s anything that I’d like to add on would be to invest quality time in improving their own health both emotional and physical.
I totally feel how you feel. Amazing how your mum is taking time for herself , I wish more women would be like that. Thanks for the reminder
Excellent video. A lot to think about. Thank you so much.
I agree quite a lot with your ideas
And i enjoy time alone too
Spending more time alone has been my reality since walking away from my narcissistic former partner. My family lives 100+km away and I work long hours, so my close friendships are paramount to my mental health. I also have things that I do just for myself that make me happy
I appreciate this content so much ! Thanks
Ticks all the boxes ma’am!
Thank you so much.🥹
There's the "Spoon-Therorie" which I actually know from working with people who suffer from Long-Covid but I think it's a great tool for anyone: So basically it says that you have 12 spoons of Energy per day and than you have to think about which task take how many spoons. Like: cooking and cleaning up the kitchen is 1 spoon, doing sports is 2 spoons, etc... as a highly sensitive Person I find it super interesting to see how my energy works around people. And those who don't drain energy are the ones that I spend my most time with.
Dear Sadia, I believe it's a good thing that you want to work on being comfortable alone. It usually means that there is some kind of inner conflict happening which we are trying to escape from. To solve such a conflict will always lead to more inner peace and more comfort in your alone time! :) But at the same time, I believe everyone can choose not to be as much alone as this graph shows. Travel, shared living, connect with people on the internet to start a "family for the lonely" or whatever. There is always a way.
What a fantastic video! such a reminder, thank you :) I do feel that I should be spending more time with my parents
Thank you for the wonderful video. Hope to see more of your life content, & cooking videos as well.
I'd like too add one dimension more: time spent in community work: I personally am active in climate action groups, my aunt used to do readings with children in the local library and so on. This is a place where one can be active at any age and possinly find new friends along the way.
OH what a great perspective,,,, this was kind of a wake up call for me to connect with my loved ones even more,,,
Thank you for the video it put things back in the right perspective,
and your Mom is just amazing
Thank you
 love all your content!
Thanks for reminding valuable time to us
Hi Sadia, I love your content, and this video is no different. I loved the graph and your thoughts on it. Thought provoking!!
Thanks for sharing this beautiful reminder with us
o please you didi not just spent a cup of tea with us, it was halariously a whole life with you in this  short time
Thank you for sharing this! I like what you share.
Thank you so much for this
Nadia, I love your inspirational videos. You are very near to life. Recently, I saw this video and it reminded me my own life. You are very sweet and lovely individual. I don’t have any relation with you. However I feel like you are chatting from my soul
How about a graph for time spent on social media, on watching online videos, on interacting with strangers, on hobbies, reading, etc?
I can tell that as I grow up  ( 38) I like spending quality time with myself, and some specific people i ve chosen over the years. I value my alone time better. Exercice is very important for my mental and physical health and it is now a priority. And I have found myself searching for the Truth, which things matter the most, spiritually and religiously. Currently I am moving from the Center of a big capital, to the suburbs, in nature. Because, as you said, life is too short to be chaotic. <3
Life becomes beautiful when lived with someone like you
Sadia thank you so much for this topic.
I usually don't agree with you Sadia, but this video is so important and well said
. The way you present the data is very convincing and sincere, it really drives an important message of "who you spend your time with matters" over time.
We are the sum total of who we spend time with.  So thus, we should never settle for a job that does not serve us!
Thank you eye opening video
Congrats on 4mil subs
Amazing graph and lesson thanks.
Thank you so so much for this video
Beautiful story,  thanks for sharing
Friends, family n relationship r everything fr me..few frnds but good one..
Be happy n Smile
Beautiful insight - refreshing and inspiring
Been looking forward to Teatime Tuesday since so long now. Few days back I did see those graphs on instagram but they were just 2d images there. Here, with your explanation and own life story makes it more thought provoking and appealing.
This has to be one of my favourite TTs now. Enjoyed your video while having lunch in my cozy room after university exams finished yesterday.
Love from India
 hope to meet you someday soon
Thanks for this enlightening video. Lots of food for thought .
great data.. it kind of gives a summary of life in small video. will definitely think about spending more time wisely and with the people more important to me. thanks
I love tea time Tuesday’s! I hope they’re back!
This was so insightful . thank you
It’s funny I am watching this alone, and as a home educating mum of 2, I have been desperate for this alone time! I have a day to myself and honestly abit lost at what to do!
You make a really good point about getting more comfortable being alone for your future sake. I agree and also to nurture relationships and make choices that might break that prediction for old age.
In a book I read called Ikigai, the centurions attributed their old age to a range of things but a sense of community and connection was a common theme.
Thank you for this thought provoking video which, ironically, I’ve been meaning to watch for ages but not had the time
I was also afraid of being alone
.   However, my husband and I have separated after 10 years of marriage and while I do miss him terribly, I do have my work and can spend more time on my hobbies.
Love how you're making adjustments in favour of your future self :) I think people in general will also have to prepare themselves for the reality that having children does not necessarily mean that you will be less alone when you're older. Kids will move out, be busy starting their own projects/ families or even move countries ;) I can gladly say that, as I've been single most of my adult life so far, I've been enjoying lots of time with my parents and stepbrothers. A partner might come and go, I consider it a gift that one day when my parents will not be around anymore I can look back without regrets <3
Thank you, much love to you.
Your videos are so clam and fresh feel .
I am feeling your parents, how they moved to Canada.
We are refugees from Ukraine in England and it's just so mentally difficult that you have to do something that you have never wanted to, far away from a place that is home.
Timely video!
Love you Nadia.
Love from Scotland.
I really like the vibes from this video. I felt relax and comfortable.
I think its so fun to spend time every once in a while exploring something new. It's doesn't have to be travel. One can pop into a coffee shop they have never been to, a museum, a book store, a park, watch dogs at a dog park. Just a wee deviation from our regular lives can be so much fun!
really great content in the video. I can literally connect with it. You presented it very well.
Wow!!! Insightful ….I’m getting to 50 and definitely I can feel I getting alone…my kids are growing up so fast and I know eventually they’ll left our home to move to their own!! For me, being comfortable feeling alone, is an unfinished task yet! Thanks for the video and let me know I’m not alone in this journey called life
i love this kind of topics. about life. :) thanks for sharing.
Great video. Thank you a ton!
When I turned 26 I also moved to another country and since then life feels like is passing by extremely fast
I spend time alone because I enjoy it. I haven’t quite met the right people to hang out with as friends. I’m very introverted
Thanks for the reminder, lovely
Thanks for sharing, your videos are really meaningful
I hope to find a partner who is okay with me being busy during certain phases of life.
I have felt “busier than my average peers” most of my life - homework took longer, late hours at work, etc. While I prioritize loved ones/ friendships and am working on being more efficient, sometimes you just have things that need to be done.
The paradox is that if I want to explore a career with better work life balance, that means more studying after work/ weekends.
I am really curious on how marriages work/ don’t work for busy couples.
I love these Tea time Tuesdays!!
First, your parents are beautiful and so brave. I have a similar upbringing with parents who are immigrants. I have been married for 16 years with 3 daughters now ages 16, 8, and 5. I have noticed that when I'm alone I experience some loneliness. I initially thought that it was because my husband and I don't spend time with anyone else but with eachother but you brought another perspective to light. Thank you for sharing your insight as always, I love your videos.
This was beautiful. You are n excellent orator and the videos are always so aesthetically pleasing. Way to Go, girl
thank you for that incredible journey i had a similar one and now im trying to go back to re connect with familybabroad
It gets complicated!  Most of my friends are slowing down in retirement but I have done the 23andMe genetic testing and know I have inherited the APO4 Alzheimers gene from BOTH parents. I push myself to do more while my mind is still clear. The future is grim but I still have today.
Both you WebSite and Life choices are Beautiful, thank you for being who you are !!
P.S. : You have a very greatly amusing name ( Pick up Limes )
I'm a rather solitary person by nature, so time alone is normal for me. The friends I have are a mix of very old friends, and new, possibly transient, friendships formed  via activities we share. Both are equally important, and whilst a 6 month friendship whilst we do a class will not have the depth of a 40 year friendship, it brings freshness and light with it for its brief span. Temper your expectations and allow relationships to bloom as they will.
what a wonderful video - thank you x
I’m 27 now and I work in care homes… let me tell you how much I think about health and dying. It passes fast folks, take care of your health. I quit smoking and drinking because I don’t want to suffer in old age if I make it there! Make your life purposeful and take care of your mind body and soul!!!
You have so much charisma
I have loved your channels for years. Even when my children were still home and dependent. Your braveness  and courage have taken another whole new level. Where females who are meant to have no identity or history find souls who bring forth both identity and history. Keep up the good work. My diet and choices are way better by your samples, the hope you give to the disenfranchised and lost is beautiful. Sometimes there are souls who speak out, give testimony, give examples, so they know their lives made a difference, but also that there is a hope and future that transcends the 1984 "Orwellian limitations".
So, even though I do love my alone time… I find it kind of sad that as we get older, we spend a lot of time alone… I always see elderly people walking, and in restaurants by themselves… I don’t know I think it’s kind of sad
Carpe Diem, Seize the Day!  This video is a powerful reminder that life is indeed short, but oh, the possibilities are endless!  Embrace the wisdom shared here to make every moment count and live with purposeful intention. Let go of the trivial and savor the extraordinary!  It's time to chase dreams, nurture relationships, and create memories that'll last a lifetime. Don't wait for tomorrow; start living your best life today! Together, let's make each heartbeat a beat of magic and fulfillment!
Few times ago, I surprised myself figuring out this or that could be the last time I did it with my mom and dad. I realised that the time I'll spend with them is shorter than the time I 've spent with them. It is scaring but now I deeply appreciate every second I see them because it will be the rarest times I could do it.
Thank you for these amazing videos! :))
Heart touching and awesome presentation.
This came in the right moment of my life. Thank you
I love your content, so informative..
Great work...
Hey,
Thanks for the video. It’s true that life goes on and we have to make certain choices that are difficult emotionally, like moving away from our parents. I feel there are many things that cannot be planned, some things are not in our control specially death. It’s ok to go with the flow of what you feel currently, it’s subjective to each one of us and there is no one right way. Friendships can be formed at any age, even in 70s. I have seen my aunts doing that.
Wow your family is so beautieful
 thank you for this video. I'll definitely make time to visit my parents this weekend
Wow. I have been thinking about this same thing lately. We have only one life to live. Let’s live it fully!
First a foremost, thanks for making,and sharing this video. It got me thinking about what I do with my time (or, rather, what I don't do) and how I'd like to do certain things differently. It also got me thinking about relationships, past and present, and the significance of having others in your life, sharing both profound and mundane moments. Thirdly, it got me thinking about different stages of my life as different lives lived, and in that sense gave me a philosophical insight of what the phrase "life is short" could encompass. In the grand scheme of things, a human life is relatively short and doesn't really matter (any more than any other life, that is), but on the other hand, life is the longest experience anyone of us will ever have, yet when looking back it's as if a fleeting wave brushing off of the sand, retreating back into the ocean, and then it's gone. If a life are the moments lived, then yes, life is short. Every moment is a gift in passing, and so is every life.
Cup a tea
 Enjoyable tea time- cheers!
This life is short but the next life is infinite!We live twice!So,it's important to be prepared for that.
The best relationship you can have is with - Yourself. If you can't be with yourself, how do you expect others to enjoy your company?
I am 51 - as I get older, I find myself being more direct with other people without feeling the need to get validation. I find myself wanting to be more spiritually grounded - but its WIP, I need to convert intention to action consistently. I work too much - being at the peak of professional career and miss simple bantering with my daughters (16 & 18 yrs old). I know they will go to college soon and I will then miss not spending more time with them... yeah these are my trials and tribulations.
WIP.
Yay I’m so glad that tea time Tuesday is back
Thank you for sharing! Really needed to hear this. <3<3<3
This video is so so well said,that  I didn't knew when it came to a end. Ur Awesome, sorry u both are awesome..
This is sooo beautiful
My takeaways from this video:
- be intentional with how you spend your time
- cherish every moment with family and close friends
- get to know your coworkers and build relationships with them because you spend so much time together whether you like it or not
- learn to spend time on your own without feeling lonely
- you're never too old to try new things, take risks and be adventurous
Thanks for your empirical advice.
I can really just recommend taking yourself on dates :) Same with being alone home. Set up some candles, play your favourite music and cook yourself something really nice!
Hi Beautiful
 your voice is so soothing..Been following you for years
 keep going
I've always spent my time alone, I didn't realise that I won't be able to spend much time with my family at the age of 21. I'm 21, in 2 weeks my first 9 to 5 job starts. It's a bit too late now, I'll try to spend my last 2 weeks with my family
Thank you Sadia!
touching story. sending love
I didn’t expect to cry while watching this video but as a child of immigrants it hits home.
 I’m 25 now, and definitely more aware than ever of how my parents are getting older and how I want to spend more time with them. I used to fight with them all the time, but now our relationship has improved a lot and it’s challenging going to med school far away from them. As I’m about to begin applying to residency, I’m prioritizing programs that are closer to home in hopes that it’ll make it easier to see them
Thank you so much
It’s so good , great video.
I recently watched Liz Murray's TedTalk (she's the author of 'Breaking Night' and the real life story on which the 'Homeless to Harvard' movie is based on). In that video she talks about potential being timeless - there's no before and after. Since watching (& crying) at the movie & that video I've tried to carry that with me in different aspects of life - the chasing of youth as this ideal time to do everything (I'm 23 and I feel like I haven't done enough), the anxiety that the future gives me, specifically the unknown of it, which at this point it's become comforting, exactly because it's not this finite sealed deal, and much more. Totally reccomend watching the video & movie, they're both free on youtube!
This was truly beautiful as your soul is.
Great video thanks for sharing . It’s so true
Sadia… You always give such deep thought to everything you offer. As I am reading the comments, I wonder what the age range of your followers is? I’m late 60’s and have always lived a conscious lifestyle, it is so heartwarming when you share your insights. Thank you so much!
Thx,this video help me a lot.
As always .. thank you !
Very informative and professional. Thanks :)
Very nice content. Thankyou so much for sharing
Thanks for this reminder at a time of my life where I am totally lost even though from someone else's point of view, I have everything to be happy...
and as an aside note, I do love being alone with myself because I don't fee lonely, i feel more lonely in a group because I feel so different...
Your way of explaining this life lessons is very nice.
More than thinking about the obvious, which you have aptly explained here, I prefer to enjoy life as it comes, spend time with whosoever you are comfortable with at that given point in time, and more importantly, make sure that in the process, you are spreading & creating happiness (in the people , in the plants around, in the air)
, so that when you leave you are happy that the world has become a better place to Live and you have been a reason for it.
Great información, thanks for sharing
Your videos always admires me love you
After failing to join university,due to a combination of many factors,I slowly lost interest in almost everything I once liked. This drew me apart from society, reunions,parties,etc. As most of my former school mates were persuing their college degrees,I had to get a job inorder to survive. I haven't had friends for 10 years and I fill like life is passing me by. I don't know, I guess I'm starting to feel lonely. No invites to birthday parties,no invites to weddings, graduations,etc.. I didn't keep in touch with anyone as our life circumstances were different at the time. Now I feel extremely lonely and regretful.
I needed to hear this today
My God. Excellent content, but at the same time made me feel sad. I like spending time alone; unfortunately I hardly have any connections with coworkers, due to the nature of the job I do. Also, after having kids some friends disappeared from my life. it is difficult because extended families are not always united, I live abroad, not many friends around, etc.... Thank you for the content.
at the age of 45, I have been thinking about what you talk about in this clip. I can so relate! great content
Really enjoyable video. Thank you
Many people are alone and without a partner in their 40’s and 50’s. This could be because they have lost the small family and small group of friends after they passed away.  I am alone a lot and it’s hard once you’re older to establish those close relationships.  The previous ones had so much history and bonding.  Meeting a new partner isn’t easy when you get older.  Relationship goals change when you’re older.  It’s no longer about having kids or building a future together.  Older people are past that and most simply need the companionship.  It’s hard to find and sometimes being alone is the best more serene thing.
I’m 21 years old. I’ve spent the last 4 years almost completely alone. Maybe 12-14 hours a day out of 16 waking hours. It feels so lonely being by myself at such a young age. I’m worried I will be alone forever.
such a great perspective, love from ladakh
I am so glade to listen your life journey...You are incredible
I moved to another country at the age of 26, and I learned to appreciate more and more time I get to spend with my family, especially with my parents. I do understand that I have a limited amount of time with them, and I try to spend it the best I can and show them as much love as I can. Also, one call a day means the world to them, and we honestly most of the time have the time for it, so I guess it is nice to show that appreciation.
And I am not afraid of being alone, but I will see what that will look like when I actually come to that age.
Amazing and inspiring video! Keep up the great work :)
Beautiful video and rings true. I feel like it’s valuable to point out these charts reflect late stage capitalism, and how fractured community is due to the way this economic system prefigures everything in our lives. Encourage us to not take any of this as a given but an opportunity change our worlds—especially elder abandonment and isolation; we should want to build communities of care for the last phase of life, not treat any humans as disposable or as afterthoughts. And interrogate if dropping friends once partnered is actually serving us. Agree that it’s a great reminder for those with safe families to prioritize them.
I love you lady. I loved your fresh ideas about life a lot.
I really missed tea time Tuesdays
I think it also depends on culture and upbringing. I am a huge family guy and have been around my family almost all my life. I had my "me" time in college and I got to explore and made some friends who are still close with me today. But family has always been there. I have been fortunate that I haven't had to move abroad or anything like that.
I think there is a time for everything. There is a time for having a partner, there is a time to have kids, and there is a time to explore about your inner self. The last point is important because many people are not able to do that because of work, sacrifices, family, etc. Overall, I think everyone is different.
I am engaged to my best friend and absolutely enjoy almost every second with him. Still, to me, there's nothing better than quality time with myself. Maybe it is because I am an only child, so I spent most of my childhood at home with myself, and learned from a very early age what I love. Maybe its because I traveled alone for long periods of time. I actually feel that the main relationship in life is with ourselves, and the other relationships support it. As they say, we are born alone and die alone, and although we sometimes surround ourselves with lots and lots of people - at the end of the day, it's that sound in our head that determines whether we are happy or not. So yeah, I think the art of healthy living is balancing between those relationships. But I learned through my 37 y/o journey in Life that I should always be my number 1 priority. Ironically, Implementing that has made me the best friend, family member and partner I have ever been.
So inspiring..!  So cheerful..!
At this point in my life (I'm 27) I value time with family the most. If we say that family is the most important thing, why do we have to leave them alone for other people? Or other obligations? Even our partners? That's my perspective based on the relationship I have with them
As a single woman with no kids in her 30s, I am often alone so I have embraced the "You do you" catchphrase
 Doing things alone was scary at first, like going to the movies or using my pass for Disneyland, cuz I felt like people were looking at me feeling sorry for me. But now I am so much in my own world that I fear a super selfish personality is going to develop & I will become so close-minded. I like to make plans with friends & family, which fills up my calendar. I am also the friend that my mom friends want to have kid-free time with, ha! Lately, I have noticed that I don't make time for a home life. Things are unorganized & dirty. A coworker told me to create small tasks to tackle after work & that has helped make a dent but I'm still overwhelmed at home.
I am just 24 year old, the only child of my parents, not married. My father is a government servant, my mother is a school teacher. Although we do not have much time in a day, yet we try to spend time together before going to bed. As far as I am concerned, I love to spend time with myself. Mostly, I spend time reading books. Besides, I do not have much friend, just two or three best friends whom I meet occasionally. Sometimes I think I am introverted kind of person who do not love to be in public because the more I am alone, the best time I have. Hence, this was my take.
I really wish I could meet you one day. You resonate my thoughts  . Thank you so much for your awesome  videos .
i am scared of aging and moving on in my life as it goes on , for some reason , i feel being introvert makes me bad for the job i do , i work in finance which requires lot of interaction with people , i think sometimes whats this feeling , did i do something wrong in life , but i am also worried that my parents are aging too . i feel like i will end alone and sometimes get panic attacks too . i think life can be rough unless u feel safer with your own self. Not everyone is blessed with good friends or work mates , maybe its different in each case
I live alone and play piano and interact with a few online piano groups.  I also enjoy exercise videos - Pilates, ballet and belly dance.  There is never a lack of worthwhile and enjoyable activities.
Excellent video thanks!
Love this one!
Very interesting and thought provoking.
Once , forever and for all ,
We all have a call ,
To play a role ,
whether big or small ,
Small or tall ,
That is the goal ,
Be you all in all...
Standing up after you fall ...
This is such a beautiful video! Thank you for reminding us. I often think about this, in the context of world cultures, and wonder if this lack of “community” around us as we age and get older is a predominantly Western setting of our lives vs other places in the world where people take care of each other, are constantly surrounded by family and inter generational households etc.
Love this kinds of videos
Tea Time Tuesday!!!
 Yay!
Thanks for your information
Covid completely changed this for me. I work in healthcare and couldn't see family for so long.
For those of us who are single well into our adulthood (or even those who struggle with making friends, for one reason or another) adulthood can be a very lonely time.  Family withdraws and there isn't something else there to fill up that space <3
Hi, though you are much younger than me, its nice to see that you have grasped this vital lesson much ahead in time. Totally relate to trying to enjoy my own company.
I like your smile.. it makes me want to listen!
Hi Good morning, I liked your video and content that you have covered. I have a daughter and visualising that she will move on one day makes me think that i need to spend more time with her
love it!
I’m a 35 y.o male and already feel very lonely. If we’re going to spend more time alone as we get older I need to start building real relationships now!
Sometimes I catch myself dreaming of a better place to live. A place with sunny beaches and hidden forests and bursting with art and culture. But I had  been to a place like that  and I was lonely when I got there . Maybe the best thing to do was the stay the same place my whole life
Such a great video
As a professional woman in my 40's with a corporate job, I do spend way more time working that I should probably be spending with family or friends. Having said that, I do make a point of having a few device free long vacation with my husband and kids and at least once month, have a girls night out with 2 of my best friends.
You are just amazing!
Loved the video
It's good to manage your life properly.
Should involve family and friends to ensure it's not boring.
We have many plans. and dedicated to our work.
Many things we want achieve before the end of our lives,I try always to check whether iam  right,things to be done fast and proper avoid losses, ensure everything is done as per my dreams.
i am really greatfull for this chanel!
I missed these "deep thoughts" with you <3
Cheers
Amazing, I personally follow  tea time Tuesday Playlist.
Keep drive this content, and expand tea time content, thanks
Love you Sadia
. I would say spend time with your parents more as they spent a life time for us. Yes you should be comfortable being with yourself
being alone is nice, less terrible people
I don't regret chose this episode because I was shocked when heard about figures of time Now I am 16 but I have not friends after hear this episode I decided to gain more friend.Thanks for your golden advice
I find you as a good storyteller
Very interesting video. Thank you for sharing this.
Recently, I've been thinking about my grandparents. I only knew them through the eyes of a child, and not very well as they were quite old when I was born. They immigrated to America in the early 20th century, through Ellis Island. As poor immigrants, they built a life here during the 1920s, a time of relative prosperity, only to see it all yanked away from them during the Great Depression. Those years brought nearly unbearable hardship for them throughout in their 30s and 40s, during what should have been their prime earning years. This difficult time, was quickly followed by World War II and seeing their sons dragged away from them to the front lines in Europe, some never to return. It didn't occurred to me, until much older, how difficult life must have been for them. I wish I could let them know that I understand, but they are now long passed.
I am thinking to start my living alone life with my 42 years of age. I am a Thai man who was a Buddhist monk for 12 years.
Sadia, love the variety of topics you speak about. Would you ever consider hosting a workshop or retreat either in the Netherlands or Canada? Much love...
You are so positive
Wow, we actually like each other (at least from the outside).. And then on top of that: Im living in the Netherlands and I was not expecting a random Canadian on Youtube would say she moved to my country.
Great video. That's a topic that I think every day and still makes me feel apprehensive. I wish I can be in peace  with the idea of loneliness, someday. Thank you for the content.
Love your channel Sadya.
Gracias.
really insightful
love this video!
So glad that I stumbled upon this video today.
I am 38.  In Toronto.
My twin brother and I are soul-mates.  If I pass away before him, he will be lonely and dejected.  If he passes away before me, I will be lonely and dejected.
It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. -- Alfred Tennyson
Thank you for better help
I think these graphs will start to change with the younger generations not always following the traditional path of getting married and having kids and being more okay with being single as they age. Unfortunately not everyone has a good relationship with their family and the work situation can also be difficult as we don’t always choose our colleagues and some jobs are more isolated than others. But very interesting to think about, I think that it’s always so so important to be okay with your own company because relationships can change but you are always going to be stuck with yourself. Thank you for the video
I was surprised to see that by age 60, most individuals are spending more time alone than with others. It really highlights to me that having quality social time and learning how to spend time alone is important.
sadiaaaaaaaaaa, for a very mindful person in everything, I'm interested what "material things" are deemed worthy for you. like worthy items and maybe brands, such as bags, shoes, clothes, and accesories. you know, something that also aligns with a sustainable and minimalist life. like how could we simplify these things, so as to not lean towards materialism maybe, because its so hard to draw the lineee
Hello,  I'm very new to your channel but after watching 1-2 videos of yours I've found them really fascinating. About this particular video I just want to articulate that everyone has his/her own thinking about anything. Sometimes I really enjoy being with myself but sometimes I don't. It depends. But most of the time I'm very okay being with myself alone, whatever I do, doesn't matter. I do study, write diary etc. But your story is really very encouraging. It really means a lot, man!! I would like to do communicate with you, and it's gonna be really wonderful. Isn't it ??  What do you think about it ? Please do let me know !!
Insightful
I Love this video to  much i feel to lin life's the present moment  and enjoy the Life.
Hi, my parents were migrants too and I recognized their experience in your parents' own. Your mother's solo trip blew my mind! Waiting for her YT channel to share it
It's more about the life biography than explaining the idea
no family, no partner, ghosted my friends, i'm president of company so coworkers time also is limited because there is not so many on the same level - and i adore time with myself.
 Most of my life i spended myself.
 One i miss is just to have good friends and loving partner, but if it will not happen i will not cry at all
Thank you so much
As a person that has been living abroad on the other side of the world, by myself, I've learn to be with myself. I spend around 95% of the time alone, I don't have coworkers and very few friends... I enjoy it most of the times, I focus on exercise and learning new skills, but it can feel very lonely sometimes... Learning to be alone is important, but I think you shouldn't be alone for too long, relationships are the most important thing in life.
In my 30s I still live with my parents because of health and other reasons. It's more chilled out now. It's less of a parent - child relationship and more of just adults getting along. But I do believe having a pet to care for and hobbies to engage with are the things that will bring lifelong happiness. As long as you have something that motivates you to be your best self, you'll be happy.
Iv mastered the art of being alone. Now I must master the art of being with someone else. It is harder to add then to take away.
You are wise to realize this before you have children. I'm lucky I figured it out early too.Thinking about how fast kids grow and how things are always changing got me through the difficult times raising my three kids. It also made me treasure the wonderful times. Now they're 21, 19, and 16 and I haven't had that common sad feeling parents often have about their kids being all grown up suddenly.
I also moved away from my family. Same country still, but opposite coasts of the USA are 3000 miles apart! Alzheimers took my Mom young (74) nearly 2 years ago, so I've felt a little regret that I moved so far away. But she seemed happy for me and the life I built out here.
And I am trying to focus on strong relationships with family and friends as part of a healthy lifestyle (along with a plant based diet and daily exercise) to hopefully avoid that Alzheimers. I want to be going on hikes like your Mom when I'm older (I already enjoy them frequently).
I just turned 25 and have been having fears about what life will look like down the road. Thank you for this beautiful video.
How mature you are mam... Really you portrait everything beautifully... It's all true thank you for remembering all the things thankyou
I need a LOT of alone time, and I want to use it wisely.
I love the idea of spending time with family, since family time is precious and so limited, but how do you achieve this when you come from a very dysfunctional family, where all members have a very different view of what family means?
As a believer in Jesus, I think it is interesting that people spend more and more time alone as they turn older. It got me thinking that in the end, every human being has to die alone, there is no one (but God) who we can do it with. So I think it is important to be at ease with being alone while we are still on earth.
And most importantly, for me being alone means "me and Jesus". It's so comforting to believe in Him and have a relationship with Jesus, to know that He loves me and will never leave me. He will be there when I die.
I hope this encourages someone to seek God in the times in which we are alone, because that's when we can focus on an experience Him the most. If you are reading this, I can assure you that He loves you so very much and is fascinated about the thought of you seeking Him today! The best way of doing that is to simply speak and listen to Him, which most people call "prayer".
Be blessed and much love from Germany!
These seem spot on to me & how my life has gone thus far.
You didn’t say, where did your parents immigrate from?
Love you do - keep up the excellent work!
This thing man can understand over 30.🫣
Very beautiful speech
i am literally crying
I moved to a different country to be with my partner 8 years ago. We are now married and have 2 children. I feel the urge to move back home to be closer to my family and give my children a life where they are growing up around family. The years go by so fast when living abroad alone.
How crazy fast time flies..
What an amazing video
You are good at what you do… with knock out looks too… i can enjoy my own company, always been okay with that… people who cannot do it alone are sad… but my dream is to have someone like you to share my life with… of that i will be glad… hey only in my 60’s so there is still time…
This is really The Talk i didn't know i needed
Thanks
You are COMPLETELY right about old age. BTW there is a difference between being alone and lonely. We will begin to spend more time alone therefore, I always believed it is important to learn to enjoy our own company and doing this by ourselves. Not being able to do that causes us to rush into bad relationships or situations because we are afraid to be alone. But honestly, we will die alone one day so we need to enjoy being alone.
I'm not crying.
So young yet wise, Sadia
Life is short, we should get as much as we can!!!!!!
Your mom sounds awesome, doing a solo backpacking trip! should she ever pass through Maputo, there is a nice little Afghan/Tajik/Dutch community here to host her!
Childhood was crazy slow.....adulthood is scary fast.  After like 20.....I felt I blinked and turned 27.
  The most valuable thing for anyone is time.
Find and kmow your worth per hour in all your life, and work to increase that to get more time back.   Example, maybe start at $15/hr working all day. Use off time to work on a new skill that makes $20/hr.  Then work on increasing that to $30/hr, part time if you can. Then use that extra time to build a skill making $40/hr..... If you can get to independantly making $60/hr  from that (like sales or side hustles...), you can pretty much quit your normal job because you've doubled what you were making per hour, but got most of your time back to use for increasing your worth even further and using that time for more meaningful stuff (gaining a level of control as well). Sometimes spending a bit more money to free up your time is better than just grinding all day to save then loose time trying to save more $.  (I'd much rather work 6hrs/day at $20/hr than 9-10hr/day at $17/hr). I know, easy to say and hard to do, but you can always get lost money back, you can never get back lost time, so might as well work to get your available time back. (Of course getting time back doesn't mean using it unwisely to splurge all day, it means you use that time to build your worth more, make meaningful memories enjoying some of it, and giving back)
What is your time worth per hour?
Its an interesting topic. I'm currently in a situation that I came back from abroad to my city after almost 10 months and was looking forward to seeing my friends, but all of them are in relationships and working. I also got a job recently, but there's not that much "fun time" as it used to be and them having time on their own ahhh it just seems sense-less at the moment
Pandemics changed everything for me. I started working remotely, cut off unnecessary friend relations and started spending more time alone amd with my family. Sometimes i wish i had more social opportunities but im not lonely. Im 32 maybe i should start building new relationship as well.
Sadia pleaseee do an Apartment tour one day
دمت گرم که اینقدر قدر شناسی. خوشحال باشی
Amazing video
When I was a kid until my 20s I was fully aware that I couldn't do what I wanted to do with my time. So in a way I feel I have more time now that I'm 30.. (and no kids
 )
Hi, Sadia! Thank you very much for all of your videos! They get me motivated every time.
I'm interested in cooking and love your channel.  Could you please tell me, what you studied? I'd really like to know as much as you do about nutrition
Hi dear professor
Thank you so much for your interesting information. I really appreciate your job.
I wish you peace and happiness under the sky of prosperity.
All the best.
Have a good time.
Your follower from Algeria
Excellent video, a litht life wich the famaly is priceless
I love being alone
I am in mid 30s and I agree with what you said
Hi Sadia, I have been following you from the past 4-5 years and honestly, you changed the way I think about food now. The quality of videos that you are creating is exponentially increasing, its not only the content but the emotional facet. Who would have ever thought so deeply about this data, but yep its true. Very beautiful and calming. <3
I don't fit in that graph. I'm 37 but live   like I'm 60 (except I'm not retired). I've always been alone so I'm completely used to it. I don't feel lonely at all just because I'm by myself.
Really adore your content ..
Love from India 🇮🇳
 thank you.
I also feel like I have abandoned my family when I left home to travel with no plans for coming back any time soon.
Just at the right time sardia!
You have the most beautiful smile
I have autism, so the way I distribute my time in my life has always been peculiar. Mostly I spend time alone, and I find the company of other people tiring most of the time, with the exception of my mom...
Doing things differently didn't bother me at first, but as time passes and I have a more acute sense of time passing and mortality I wonder if I should make more efforts to welcome people in my life...
Plz plz plz....start doing podcast.....u have such a soothing words and voice....love from Helly's Heaven Kerala
I love your voice
subscribed. really loved ur vdo
I'm 23 years old suddenly I decided to start to take all her debt to help her retirement that was big life-turning I stopped overwhelming with trivial things started to figure out how deal with it . I felt like more responsible and wiser in spending time with people around me
Hi, I think we work way too much than we should. We miss the opportunity to really connect with ourselves and our environment. Me and my partner created the situation that we earn our income without working, instead we travel fulltime with our children so we can learn from the world inside of us and around us. If we keep on working and working, the world cannot change for the better, we have to start living and loving each other.
Perfect
I'm only 26, and the minutes i spend with both family and friends accumulate less than 30 spread across the entire year
Im from sri lanka, your videos are astonishing
 Love you much
It's hard but we must face it
I feel guilty for not spending time with family or for not calling my mom. I try to remind myself that call her more often. I also wish I had more friends or saw the ones I do have more. Social anxiety gets in the way. I also wish I was more social with my coworkers I tend to keep to myself because I’ve been burned before.
 guess I’m stuck on putting in more effort.
Will be passing my high school and i regret every single second i wasted in whole school life .
Beautiful video.
Really nice video
Hi dear. I m learning English with your video
.tnx alot for every things .
It is enlightenment i see inyoue eyes .....if i see it clearly ....unattached bonds
Ur videos are so simply awesome....plzzzz be regular and make beautiful videos
 love from India
all is so good combination with othes
Who told life is short , is everlasting life . no deaths
Yes that is why live at beach and work remote
I don't know why I cry
Hello Sadia, love your video(s) :) you are very inspiring ! Turning 31 yo I realized that i ran away from moments with myself. Highly highlighted by the covid period even though I have a partner, I realized that to have a good time with myself, time was not a issue, materials (to paint for example or good books) weren't either, the environment was not the problem.. I was and I still am the one blocking every possibility to have a good moment by myself because it forces me to like me, to face my emotions, to listen to my mind and body and realize that I am not ok with certains aspects of my life that I am to scared to change. It is the first step : to realize that. To help me with that 3 things : my psychologist, getting back into sports and books from Laurent Gounelle and Maud Ankaoua, french authors who heals through stories of fictional characters on their way to reconcile with life... and Good Food <3 !
Thank you so much mam
I think this graph must be different depending on the culture. Some cultures are very much like you just described while others the elderly are always surrounded by and probably even living with their families.
As I get older I am doing my best to spend as much time as I can with family. I'm 35, married with young kids but I see my parents and siblings alot. I never want to look back with regrets over not spending time with them. My husband is an immigrant who came to Canada to be with me. He has sacrificed his time with his family for our life together. I can't imagine the pain of being so far away.
Don’t be afraid of spending time alone when you’re older. As you age you begin to settle in with yourSelf and often prefer your own company to that of others.  Even those whom you love and are close to.  That may seem unimaginable to you now, just like family time being precious to you now, seemed a bit crazy to you when you were in high school or university.
No need to prepare for it now, it’s just a natural progression. Enjoy where you’re at and let the future deal with itself.
it depends mostly on how much you achieved in life, success, and strong bonds. I think mostly people just choose an average life, leaving everything to live with your partner. If you stay average you will always feel lonely one way or the other at least till middle age. my relative is in his 70-the 80s but he is a multi-millionaire,more people ask him than me even though I am very young. So it depends
Savor relationships as much as you have taught us to savor the food :)
Amazing Video
The fact that we spend time alone as we grow old, is terrifying.
at the end its a promotion for betterhelp
100% agree, my only advice have your own child, life is Short!
Another point of widespread loneliness was phenomena in the West particularly linked to the rise of technology and social media, it actively replacing real connections.
3:10 chart was nice
Hi! I spend so much time alone because my husband works full time. I decided to volunteer in the schools because I missed my kids and they are NOW in full-time school. Many people struggled with isolation in overcoming the world situation/ after pandemic.
 I am extroverted so I feel refreshed and such replenishment when around others. ..
Thank you for having just a talk post.
• Gretchen
Really insightful reflections, Sadia. Thanks. Curious how the research accounts for our time online—are we alone or with others through social media or working from home? It feels like another dimension. Not totally isolated but not quite together in community.
You have inspired  a generation of doctors to eat their lunch after decades. I started this year at 47. Life is short. Especially after learning of colleagues passing ..It's why I'm leaving medicine. No childhood, barely any time with friends, no relationships. And no one cares at the end of the day... Life is shorter in medicine under horrendous circumstances causing good doctors and nurses to leave...Thank you for your reassuring message though to encourage people to live their lives...including to doctors and hcw who never lived theirs...I am quite sure they aren't able to take the duality and trauma of the other side any more...and its happening all over...
Once i have time i will company with my mom.
Awesome deep thought
Love from Jhb
Being alone doesn't  have to mean being lonely.... I totally agree with this but how to do it? Every time I spent time with only myself, I feel panic for not knowing what to do. I cannot calm down as when I'm with friends. Any suggestions?
hello sadia , i very much love everything you do and are !
i wanted to know from your point of view , how to make it possible to navigate our time while having a not very healthy household ?
i am unfortunetly having incridble hard times with my parents as a 20 years old in a oriental society , the more i grow older , the more i see how many aspects and events are not normal and healthy for my younger self , my current me and my future to-become woman !
i find extremely challenging because i love them , but the envorment and how they are makes it hard to cope !
Life is however you want to modélate,..
it is a wonderful and serious topic, i like your presentation.............
I spend a lot of time with my partner but we both have our own interests as well. I like to hike a lot and my partner can't do that now because she is 2 years older than me and has some trouble walking so I don't force her to hike with me. When we were younger we did a lot of hiking together. She has her girl friends and she can do things with them and I have the choice of participating with them or not. She likes to read a lot and I like to watch YouTube videos a lot so we spend a lot of time alone as well. We have dinners together and usually watch TV together every night.
How do you speak so calm.?  Is there a way to learn that skill?
All of this makes sense
Watching your video from India, You are doing great, best wishes.
Love from Germany
🇦🇫🇦🇫 your life story is just like mine
Better Help is great!
When I crossed 30, I realised I am enjoying my own company more. Previously I had fear of being alone.
So nice.
The older I get the more I want to spend time alone. I’ve stopped pretending to be an extrovert and find peace in solitude. Actually it’s not really solitude because I’m with my dog most of the time. Either way as an introvert and H.S.P. being alone is calming.
 percent agreement
I'm 37 and single. I'm alone most of the time but like you said, NOT LONELY at all. We all have different lives and tread different paths. We shouldn't expect similar lives and timelines. Enjoy what you have on your plate. Enjoy your next dish, as well.
Recently married and I just moved overseas too to stay with my husband , it's been a lovely phase
 Just the other day I was thinking I wish I had more time with my parents and the people I love and watching this video just gives me perspective and take my time seriously :)
Love this one thank you.All the best to you :)
I’m 25 now, I’m going to have a baby with my husband in days now. I think we need to be very present at every moment, when we’re alone, with partner, child, friends and coworkers. 🫶
First this is not to be negative I love this videos and thanks for your work <3 I just want to... say it for people like me that what you say here is also for us!
I'm afraid that these research does not take into account solitude epidemic we have these days. Being 29 I should spend 250 mins with coworkers 200 with partner 50 family 50 friends. Let's see. I'm more in 80 years old number or worse with remote job long way home from my family, my friends are always busy and working I see them 4-5 time a year and I'm single. That adds up to some solid 20 hours of solitude a day and my main connections are clients. I have career, hobby, I read like crazy etc. There are upsides. But somehow I have no idea how to build relations or maintain them. And I bet that in this, I'm not alone
Yo creía que toda mi familia compartía mis valores y que así como yo trabajaba por todos, todos cuando pudieran iban a comportarse igualmente, pero fueron creciendo y solo buscaron la oportunidad de mejorar sus vidas sin pensar en el resto de la familia, lo que fue  una traición a los valores que yo tenía y que creí que ellos compartían, ahora se que todo mi tiempo gastado en ellos fue casi un desperdicio porque desperdicie mi trabajo en personas que no lo valían y la comodidad que pude buscar para mí se fue en personas que no lo valen, la familia, no es lo que yo esperaba que fuera y mi vida se desperdicio en ellos.
I loved your accent
Life is really short. We should do whatever we love to do.
Getting lots of things to learn here
 it's like mandatory part of life to spend time with our family colleagues friends <<alone
I love ur indipendent and happy life
I love my alone time…
I love 'me time'
 and it gives me an opportunity to be selective of whom I spend my limited time with.
 The quality of your connections matters and has a great influence on quality of your life. If you are not comfortable being alone then, you don't have much choice. Just my opinion.
very sad video i cry
Reality of life
Good
First: beautiful video. I will be 50 next year. I have 4 young children. I left my family in France when I was 18. I moved abroad. Since then I saw them an average of 10 days a year. I have my beautiful little family but I missed so much my dad and mum. They are still alive but getting old now. It is extremely difficult. I don’t know what my reaction will be when they die. Will I feel guilty that in a way I abandoned them? Awful feeling. I would say that for the last 3-4 years I am extremely sad inside because of this. Living abroad far from your family is beautiful but it has a huge price!
Nice!
Like not wasting a second longer watching this video!!!
spending less times with our parents when they got older and they need us most does not make fully sense for me.
this is quality content
So wise so smart yhup i  wish could be back  in canada miss it so much but not easy these days cos life is better and easier in asia
Your family is so cute
 Like you friend!
I LIKE HOW YOU SPEAK
I'm just about to leave instagram, I posted a link to my new (French) blog and I will be off the app on the first of February. I still need to write my articles, just don't want that time-consuming platform anymore.
Eventually, life is alone. We need to be prepared for being alone.
i think as an immigrant coming alone in us. I can not think like this although it is tempting. I have to work to help my families back so they can have a better life. I guess its all depending on our own life choices we can not have it all but we can only do what we can change for the better of others. at least that is me now.
I would love to dig more into that research. My husband and I don’t have kids, we don’t want kids, so I’m wondering whether that changes the calculations. I’m still spending a lot of time with friends.  I also spent a lot of time with my pets. I’m sitting with my rabbit right now. I cherish my time with them and I wonder what that line looks like on that graph. Our pets most appropriately lumped in with time spent with family? Should it be measured separately? It’s a very interesting idea.
I have been alone all my life...
My parents abandoned me at birth. I spent the first 19 years of my life in three orphanages depending on the age at which I was: newborn, preschool, and school children...
Because I didn't have models of what it means to have a family, to grow up in a family, I couldn't get attached to anyone at the age when I had to have a life partner. And the truth is that no one even wanted to be with me...
Probably my way of being, maybe I was never a beauty, and so on.
Now I am 53 years old and I live as alone as I have lived my life until now.
Possibly, in fact, I'm sure that there are thousands and thousands of people like me on the face of the earth and I think that, like me, they don't have time to cry for pity in front of a destiny over which they had no or even no influence.
In fact, there is much more to tell, but I made the story short just to point out that it can be worse than you think you are living now.
Appreciate what you have experienced in your family, what you experience with your husband and your future children, your work colleagues, and your friends...
You really have - in my opinion - NO REAL REASON to be sad...
  It honestly seems to me that you were and still are flooded with a lot of love.
Such a nice video... Nothing like time spent with family and friends over a nice barbecue making your own tikkas and kebabs... Its just wonderful
Right now investing my time in my child.
thank u mam
Easy: do not just study, work, go to the gym, etc - LIVE!
I love it <3
very cool.
As some one who is autistic and have schizoid personality and friendless since birth and almost no human contact, being alone is gonna be a walk in a park. Can't miss what you never had.  Even the pandemic barely changed my life as I'm always in the room anyway. Only downside is the aging body, well there is a rope for that if it becomes unbearable.
I‘d love to see my family more often.. but the flight tickets are expensive and you need to take vacation days, which are „just“ 20 days/ year
I’m Still spending the most time with my mum. She is old And she needs me.
I watch your videos to practice English too
You’ve a most beautiful smile
It's interesting what you say.
The older I get the more comfortable I have become with myself and my thoughts. I don't think it's a bad thing. When we are young we work hard to make friends to feel accepted. That is not as important as we age. The few friends we have as we are are solid friends.
Wow!  The chick has all the answers !..  A regular paragon of wisdom, clearly.   She speaks the deepest, the most profound truths unknown to humanity.  When one is a child,   for example, one spends most of the time with one's family & when one grows up,  one starts having relationships with "partners", friends  & coworkers... Wow!!.. Who knew?!   We must discuss this in depth.  And then, when one grows old, one's social circle shrinks.. And then one dies... So life is indeed short. Crazy,  jaw-dropping, mind blowing stuff... This is  like a Spinoza, Aristotle & Plato of the 21 century combined in one brain. And then that utterly charming bcautific knowing smile forever glued to her face remindful of the likes of AOC, Kamala Harris, Hillary & other superior intellects,   As if that wasn't enough, she descends from multiculturalism & diversity, which  being our strength, elevates her even higher above the rest of us in her profound wisdom. Keep it coming yo. Share with us more of your infinitive wisdom so the world will be a better place...Just Keep it Simple so we all can understand.
I am alone and so far I don't have any friend or family to get in touch. I don't know if it is fortune or it is miserable for me. But it is my fate
Your mom is so beautiful
All types of age groups are spending more time than ever before alone. It may be because of how expedient and gratifying are modern gadgets have become. Family, may become a thing of the past.
I'm autistic and love being alone, so this is not really a problem for me, also not everyone is lucky enough to have a kind, supportive family to spend time with, I much prefer time with my partner and pets :)
Gi there superb post
Very wise.
What  i have noticed till now(29) that people are deciding their daily routine or life in two different segments that is Professional life or Personal life. But in reality there is no such segments. If you have these divisions than something is going wrong. if someone is reading my comment just tell me when you are in trouble with both of these segments to whom you want to talk and why? Wise man never prioritize the things they always the abandon the things those need to pritorize because you are not loving the things in which you are involved now and love never prioritized. Hope helpful.
Leaving my family to go abroad is killing me.
Hi Sadia  thank you for sharing thought- provoking video could you give some advice to overcome my cognitive distortion, irrational thoughts?
What recipes do you use for herbal tea? I was recently gifted a glass tea pot with an infuser built in. What do I do with it?
I am 3 years single, so no. I don't spend my time with my gf. I live abroad since I was 26 so see my family only on holidays and most of my friends left UK.
I know that as we age we spend more and more time alone
The thing this graph has me curious about is the coworkers one. There's definitely some coworkers we consider friends and some we don't really consider friends(not that we hate them necessarily, maybe tho, but we just wouldn't choose to be in their lives if it weren't for work). I wonder if the graph of coworkers is both or just the latter. And I'd be curious to see what it looks like for the one that its not
Thank you for making me feel fall in love
My world just beautiful you now...
Greetings from Helsinki
I don't want kids or a partner and it scares me to feel lonely as my friends' life evolve to another direction
When you growth in an safe environment then you would not appreciate your family parents cause you haven’t grown together through caos, there for you want meaning from anyone else. You want to appreciate life put yourself in a risky situation and suffer a little then you will know the connection to your past (parents) and you will be a much wiser person.
You're very articulate
Hello
Thank for the video
I am single woman that I took care of my parents and family when I was young, my parents passed away, then I immigrate and start over from that time I am alone since 11 years ago.  I don’t have many friends…and I am dreaming to meet someone who I met 10 years ago… I might starting loose my mind. But I am okay. I think I need to see  a doctor
you are really an amazing Persian woman, a beautiful, free, and eye-catching butterfly. God bless you
My question about these graphs is are these statistical findings based on societal pressures and adhering to the "norm" or is it instinctual? and whats for the best for people and society? I am tired of seeing old people without means having to be relegated to old folks homes or trying to exist alone while putting others in danger cause they are still trying to drive and such.
As someone in the US, I think there’s a lot of pressure to be successful, which means being independent. But I have strongly felt that as a society we need to reframe our thinking. We can still be independent without moving away from our families. We can still be individual while being part of a community. The isolation is what’s gnawing at many of us. How successful are we if we don’t feel connected to anyone? Anyway, that’s my two cents for the day.
Where is Sadia from?! She's such an inspiration btw
Hello thanks for your inspiration
I should say I check your applications and the text in your buttons is illegble so please change the color of buttons
Since the first day I started watching your videos, I could bet that you are originally from Iran
GoodJob!
So beautyfull
Hey, thanks for the nice video - it really impressed me. One thing though stuck out to me, namely spending more time alone as we age. Aren't humans social animals and shouldn't we avoid that, for example by taking care of grand children if possible, be part of some senior club or finally use our free time to meet with friends? Or is it impossible to make friendships at an age, lets say above 65?
I only wish this video was longer
alhamdulillah great, from Bangladesh
Good content
Honestly, I have this thought in my mind since day 1 of motherhood : he will leave. My baby will leave. And it might be harder when you hear your children say they’ll stay forever cause you know how much they mean it now but how sure it will change one day.
Nice
All people are not like this. I have gone to school, had several jobs and still live at home with my parents.
Beautiful video
 I love your way of thinking, Its same like me
.
I really love to know that from where your parents immigrated to canada ? Or Where are you from?
Nice
Free
Amazing take, but I am brazilian, so I miss subtitles in portuguese so I can share with my brazilian friends.
Oh god! I have been waiting for your tea time Tuesday series for so long. Loved it
Bo. Life is not short. Especially bot if you have to ask yourselv how to make ends meet in old age.There're a hell of a lot of years to be finance and you better take care of that.And don't forget to take personally and financiallycare of your old relatives. Wether they rely on you or not, they almost always need help.
I’m 35 and I’m almost exclusively alone. I am so miserable
I don't see a sense to pay for monolog online with a therapist. It's better to meet face to face, because I can express my emotions.
Thanks to better help
A very quick death of a parent has brought time into very sharp focus for me, my time what to do with it, what not to do with it. Tomorrow I am painting the kitchen, next day playing cards with my sisters in the afternoon.  The day after that I haven't thought that far ahead though most probably I will still be painting the kitchen...
 be good to yourselves people
Life is not about you and the others, it's not about a better you (personal development), life is about YOU, the spiritual part of you. Anything else has a taste of unsatisfaction and frustration because we think that more is better. But, through life you realise that nothing remain, everything fade, even memories. The time alone is a time to meet your spiritual part and to meet god in you. It's not confortable at the first time cause we live in a world that has forgoten god, where consuming and having fun are the most important of everybody's life.
But all this are ashes, you are ashes until you meet God.
And I think that is what you feel and don't succeed to realise. May be ...
Keep on searching and asking your self "who am I" and the answer will bloom in your heart.
Sorry for my bad english and wish you understand, then wish you realise.
I a Palestinian, Arab and Muslims.
I would say for my culture it is different. As you get older your never alone. as a young child your always told to visit you grandparents, take them out. sleep over with them. lots of kids even have their parents living with them at their house. it just something that the whole family do to takecare of their elderly and keep their company. even small grandchildren are taught to respect and involve in conversations and serve their grandparents. from a cultural and Islamic perspective as well your required to have lots of time to you older parents. I love it so much.
so they actually grow to be surrounded by kids are grandkids.
I a Palestinian, Arab and Muslims.
I would say for my culture it is different. As you get older your never alone. as a young child your always told to visit you grandparents, take them out. sleep over with them. lots of kids even have their parents living with them at their house. it just something that the whole family do to takecare of their elderly and keep their company. even small grandchildren are taught to respect and involve in conversations and serve their grandparents. from a cultural and Islamic perspective as well your required to have lots of time to you older parents. I love it so much.
so they actually grow to be surrounded by kids are grandkids.
5:14 good content very nice
Watched
watching it in 2x to not waste my time
Time isn't wasted if you're wasted all the time.
We came to know how time just flys as we grow old when it stands still when we were younger.  Learning a new Language? When they immigrated to Canada. How is that possible?  English is a pre-requisite for Canadian immigration from non-English speaking countries, unless, the immigration is under “berber” or the “cook” category. Lying is a skill but, sipping tea and getting a record with a Panasonic motion Camera requires much more refinement than giving out free and wrong advise.
I love you.
I’m seeing Sadia moving back to Canada in the next year or two
I wonder if when we get older we spend time alone also because we feel too unmotivated to go out and meet our friends or new people?  I enjoy my time alone, but I know when I get older I will make a point to be with friends or my animals
SAVe this part of America..pls..I love Alaska
I like your speech it make me feel relaxed but i wonder if i understand what you want to say if we want to success in life we need to sperate our self from our family and being lonely to working on our purps but we are human after all we need others in our life and that just the reason that make you share that with all word im i right? Im 26 years right now i've a sun he's 4 months sometimes i feel like if i focus on others things studies or my future planning that will  impact my job as a mom and my son later.
I live in Ukraine and since covid 2020 I just want to be alive. I forgot how to see friends almost everyday, I see my colleagues only 2 hours per week online... My friends are refugees in different countries. My treasure is my family I live with now
2011< was the year (17Y) when all these were streamed insdie mind.
That's not true: I am 28 spending time with medley age-group of people on a Cycle ride, at gym, and at ride groups. I am social as well with myself. There mix of 15+ to 60+ people in our group. So, it really depends on how you perceive life and where you choose to be.
Thank you.
You don't say any greeting before diving into the subject, saving time or what? lol
Just one king infomercial!
My mum's ageing.. and i don't ever wanna lose her
 but is that practical..
U r so so beautiful .. I dream to follow every step of you.. Plz keep going as u are
How to make Perisian tea
No your computer without you and no you  without the first organizer.
 I really would like to know how to express your thoughts and opinions confidently in front of the camera. I have seen what you said that you also write scripts, which is not like having scripts at all. I even want to see your script. Love your smile.
I miss seeing your wedding ring
 from 🇮🇳 India
Honestly I find spending my time with my family exhausting, I was sent away from home for schooling since  I was 16 and eversince I only meet my family once or twice a year. The time I spent with them doesn't seem as beautiful as I remember it was in my childhood. I understand the value of family but for many reasons the thought of being with my family doesn't really put a smile on me anymore. I would rather be alone or in company of the people that actually make me feel they appreciate my time with them.
4M around the corner!
 Thank you. Working on this in Jesus name
Loved the video. But, sponsor- Better Help has been a very bad experience to me(in the USA).
Loosing meaningful connection is a result of displacement and immigration. A lot of people forced to leave their home country for various reasons, economy, natural disasters, wars, civil unrest etc. people will go where they can find safety and where resources are abundant. It’s natural for human survival, even if it means sacrificing meaningful connection. Also, if your surrounded yourself with wrong people and down the road realized that those weren’t your friends to begin with. Real Friends like partners are not easy to come across and keep, not every person is equipped for nurturing relationship.
I am spending more time alone when I retired.
I have one important question to ask. How do you make friendship connections which last longer? I agree we do need to give it some time to develop. But making friend in adult life is hard. yes i can join group activity or hobbies club to meet new people. But it feels like its fleeting. Just like life. This would certainly make more pressure on my partner to fill that gap. which is wrong to even begin with. Any advice people.
Your mum looks like a Bollywood actress I don't remember the name but I thought it was her
Everything bad are from him give me not from others so proof he is the one always treat me the worst
I'd like to be super productive but I'm struggling with constant tiredness even tho I'm eating rather healthy and exercise regullary. In the middle of a day I just Fall asleep for few hours. Nothing helps that, even a stack of best supplements.. :(
i spend my time most in my phone on stupid things, like addiction
Time is NOT existing
Is the graph based on a male or female perspective, as retirement ages are very different and so are factors such as getting pregnant and raising children.
Home sickness kills me!
I learned that at a very young age, the ONLY person who will always be with you is yourself.
Hello miss. New subscriber
Soothing voice
as you age you should be naturally more drawn to a spiritual practice so that when the inevitable day arrives that the soul departs the body, you will be prepared spiritually and can make spiritual advancement ... that is the only purpose of the human form of life ... read Bhagavad Gita as it is for spiritual knowledge.
What’s the name of the tea?
Bonjour Saadia. C'est dommage je ne comprends pas tout ce que tu dis ! C'est plus facile quand c'est sous titré en français !
The last graph is me at 24 lol
I just love to be alone
may be you would tell the app where one need to guess the words like "brown rice" in this video 1:46 minute
I'm 28 years old and  have never been in a romantic relationship. Is it sound weird????
I think my life just stopped and no hope for the future after i lost my mom a 1.5 year ago
Hi
its not lonely to be alone. To live alone, you can control your life easier. And you won’t be influenced by anything, by other partner’s karma or their own opinion. Sometimes their opinion is lower than yours, and then they drag you down also. But if you are just single and have just a normal job, then in the free time, you just eat your meal and then you meditate, and live your life as simple as possible, then you will be more and more in tune with everything. More in tune with nature.
In south Asian countries, specially in villages, when people age they spent time with their grandchildren, in social works and practicing their religion. I believe that's make the south Asian people more happy when they age. However, nowadays this culture is about to demolish due to the effect of globalization.
Ur laugh natural
Do you like more your life in Netherlands in compare with Canada ? Would you stay in Europe forever ?
yo I had psychosis six times, my life is probably over already. at 33 .. i dont see any future
As you grow older you realize that your "family" Is/aré the friiends or partner/couple that yo choose, AND then become loosing with Time the ties with your real relativos/family,then the future Will be of lonely people unless you aré able to make new friendshlps.
In muslim countrues like uzb, tajikistan or arabian countries people live with their children along their whole life and when they retire they do not get alone
I feel like I am jealous of Robin.
 VIRGIN LISTENING AND WATCHING
My love
you
Life is not short it is actually the longest experience you will ever have.
You are so cute...I love the way you talk
So short answer pls ??
You eerily look very similar to Kristin of "dear kristin" YouTube channel.
I hate these changes in life, I don't want to get older and be alone at the end of my life
Your face remembers me of AMAL clooney
Life is short, i played this video at 2x speed
The biggest mistakensome people make is to work very hard for the same company. Move after 3 years to another organisation. It keeps you young…trust me. I have done it. Over 30 years, I worked for 14 organisations (as a permanent or contract employee). Worked less than 40 hours a week with long breaks between my jobs. And paid for 2 mortgages….work smart not hard. I’m now 59 and semi retired. I can retire as I have invested in few properties. Life is too short to spend it in one place.  Change employers and roles…
why are partners so distant in the graph, even after the age of retirement? shouldn’t they be more together?
I find it sad that we spend way more time with our work colleagues than we do with our friends. Should be the other way round
I need the work please postive reply
It’s not more time alone, it’s more time with God.
I have such a strange feeling!!! It is not your story that resonates with me - it is your mother's!!! I am a refugee from Russia, escaped Putin's regime soon after this madness started. I was pregnant and most of my relatives refused to leave the country. So I have left with my son, my husband, and his brother - he managed to join us us 6 months later. My daughter was born in Georgia, NC. We are drifting from one country to another, all 5 of us. And we hope to go to Canada if one of us gets a job there.
The "partner" graph seems to be true in the Western world. In Asia, older spouses spend more time with their friends. Why? The sweet romantic feeling that they once had in the younger days were long gone. Spouse is just another friend who (normally) is the opposite gender who have the opposite interests. Men usually enjoy different things than women from young to old ages. That's why as they grow older, people in Asia hang out with their friends more than their spouse. Same gender same interests. Most old (or young) wives aren't interested in rebuilding car engines. Similarly, most old (or young) husband aren't interested in joining a book club or knitting :-)
Afarin
and what if a person doesn't have any friends or partner to spend more time with
Which camera do you use ?
Cheryl Slane - Stop sending me this stuff.
so basically this is advertisement of better health.
Life is short? I’m 25 and I can’t wait for it to end…
I love been
.....lol.
I am at the point where life is short ..... to me means  why try it will be over soon
I am at the point where life is short ..... to me means  why try it will be over soon
I am at the point where life is short ..... to me means  why try it will be over soon
literally paused 8:04 to call my mom
I recently learned the  meaning of accountability buddy and I think
 that I need to make one & two partners so please ( help me to be productive person I am in University 2 year students)
Live fast die young
4M!!
I think your doing this video might just be heavensent. I very recently had several.deeply disturbing information shared with me. So disturbing I cannot discuss with a friend.  Not fair to share. Need a therapist. and NOT a local.
True! Life is short. Be wise and find out what's after this life. And as it is appointed for men to die once, but after this the judgment. Hebrew 9:27
Find out in this short life if "Nor is there salvation in any other, for there is no other name under heaven given among men by which we must be saved.” is true. If so, you don't have to miss the One and only one who saves
4:00
I’d love to see your mum host a tea time Tuesday
What if time never ends? Yeah we die but what’s the point I still think of Neanderthal sitting there and I think I know what he was thinking is this it
Humans are not meant to be alone. We are the strongest together, with our tribe, whatever that means to each one of us. Modern world is really backwards, people are expected to learn to be alone, but that's unnatural. From the ancient times we always lived and thrived in a community.
I try to use my time wisely but sometimes it’s still not productive. I know that if I live for Jesus then my life will not be wasted. :)
I also think that time with family and friends are important but everything needs balance.
Hare Krishna
did she mention were is she from befor she come to canada??
Very nice madam
im still studying B.A i feel how ill get job and settle peacefully please pray for me it my request everyone please like if you'll pray for me
I spend most of my time alone in my 30s
.
very idealistic video...in the real world, people are very happy alone... don't need to be with a partner at all really.
حد شايفها شبه أمينة كرم جدا يا جماعة
I like you
What an immensely beautiful woman.
The Qur'an is the only book that pushes one to think and reflect more deeply and consistently than any other books. Surely, in the remembrance of Allah, The One True God, do hearts find rest
Iliana
I think the spending time with family only works if you have  a functional family. Otherwise limit and have boundaries. Cause they can be emotional vampires. Not on purpose. It automatised.
In the name of God, the entirely merciful, especially merciful. At age 30 I migrated to the US from my home country (Bangladesh) leaving my father, mother, brother, sister, all relatives and also 4 years career to start my married life, having 2 girls, though they are growing but now age 41, I'm preparing myself to connect with God, so that even when I will be alone I will have something to do and that is zikr of our Lord and asking forgiveness and give thanks to our Lord, Allah.
you said so many non-things. Like you used a lot of words to say nothing and now I want that time I spent watching your video back. thanks.
Thank you so much.... I live in South-AfricaJHB and just enjoy your videos. I have my own channel "Karien se Kuierplek is my channel name... love your videos....Time well spent...
My perception of the graph is a depressing one. Maybe we need to try to increase social life later on instead of accepting it.
Hii…I love your videos. And with lot of courage and hopes I’m dropping you a message. Can we be web friends? I relate to you so much.
How to spend time wisely:
Step 1: Have money, LOTS of it.
What is the purpose of your life
Do think about it
This time were r u
‘’Maybe even consider having children with our partner’’ felt like its weird to have children
Why do people always say 'life is short'?  Name 5 things you have done that is actually longer than your life?  People these days live well into their late 70s, 80s and even 90's.  75 years is a LONG time, not short.  Saying 'life is short' to someone who has been struggling with severe depression all his/her life, those who find it hard to get out of bed everyday and see a purpose to living and instead opt to end their lives, sick and elderly folks who are just waiting for the the inevitable to end their misery.  What about those that are in jail for years, wrongly accused (seems to be happening quite a bit lately)?.  Telling people, 'LIFE IS SHORT' is nothing but TOXIC POSITIVITY.  It's also GASLIGHTING.
Such a beautiful and kind soul. I hope you will find Jesus and His peace will fulfill you and accomplish that you have been received. Mutch love! God bless you! Greetings!
Where r your parents from
中文
Elderly people being alone is often a product of modern society.
what's your name?
Who is this chick?? Wow, very impressive!
I'm too concerned about time that i didn't even watched your video and yeah I wasted just a meagre amount of what I'd have wasted by watching this video.
The point is that you did the exact opposite.
PLEASE PLEASE CAN YOU FIND MY SINGLE SON A GIRL LIKE YOU TO SETTLE DOWN WITH.  HE IS 34 AND LIVES IN MONTANA BUT REFUSES TO GO ON DATING SITES TO FIND HIMSELF A GIRLFRIEND. HIS HABITS ARE VERY MUCH LIKE YOURS. YOUR HELP WILL BE HIGHLY APPRECIATED. THANK YOU FOR ALL THE LOVELY VIDEOS.
it's better if you make this video without music :)
its basically a betterhealth ad with some cheesy wisdom thrown in as a filler
its better to spend time alone than being with toxic people eating your energy making you angry and waste your time. please note, family could count into these toxic people. so stop glorifying, fancyfying family time. I spend most of my time with my parents (no choice) but it is seriously not a happy time!
dont forget the religious part....the relationship between you and god
The best way to spend time is to find your purpose in life, which is very easy to do. Take a moment ask your Creator to guide you.
May Allah (S.W.T.) guide you to Islam and bestow upon you His Blessings; Ameen.
What is your point?
You are not the only one, who is aging….
EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING IS IMPERMANENT.
LIFE IS AWESOME…DON’T BE SO DRAMATIC…
you should be seeking truth. And find a way to escape from this cycle.
Why do they always have to show themselves drinking tea yet not taking a sip
If we're spending much time with friends they're the ones who are geographically close. Is that spending time wisely? Not really nowdays. In a fractured civilization they're all tuned into so many different channels they can't even relate to each other any more. Your neighbour is now a stranger while the stranger on the other side of the world is your friend.
U look damn beautiful
why do people say life is short when it's the longest thing they can do
Biological life is short, the human body; however, I am not my body. Therefore, life is not short - for me anyway.
I enjoyed "your life is short" video, but I thought the World Data information was odd; it was extremely secular (which literally means preoccupied with the here and now); and therefore misleading.  Carl Young said anyone requiring a therapist after 30 has a God problem (they have left the space for God in their lives empty and this vacuum is manifesting itself).
People cognizant of the present of God are literally never alone, there are always 2 present, always.
The graph with a series of lines needs 1 more line: how much time you are spending with God.  You will find doing so will resolve - automatically - your need for therapy.  For example, any latent nihilism (which your framing of life suggests) will disappear (if there is any, it could be other things).
Not a vegan, yet, but truly love your programming; a fellow Canadian living in Port Coquitlam.
Best, Robert Corman
Doesn't matter if your life was fun or boring once you're dead. At least to you.
Hii mam how are you
Life is short but eternity is forever.
Romans 10:9-10
“that if you confess with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved. For with your heart you believe and are justified, and with your mouth you confess and are saved”
Good observation, but the most important person we need to spend more of our time throughout our lives is with our Maker - God! He is real and we need to spend time to know more about Him and His will for our lives. God originally created man and woman to live forever, but they choose to disobey Him and brought death upon themselves and their posterity. God let them have their way and learn from experience, what are the consequences of disobedience. Yet, in his great love, God has a plan to restore all mankind back to life by resurrecting everyone in His kingdom. During that time, He will offer eternal life to all who will learn righteousness. Then we need not have to worry about time itself. We will all live forever with all our loved ones and particularly with our Creator and provider- God Almighty! All this is in The Holy Bible
Why do your partner and children do not count into family? It is also your family, you are building a new one, no need to separate them
Don't become complacent in your "alone" life.  Invite your neighbor over.  Introduce yourself to someone at church "Hi, my name is ____.  I just moved into the neighborhood and would love to make some friends.  Do you love children?  Are you open to babysitting? Maybe place a card in your building's foyer.  Go to the nursing home and see if they have opportunities for you to sit and read with their elders.  Volunteer.  Go to a church and find out what outreach opportunities they are involved in.  My 95 year old great grandmother moved to New York when she was 80 years old.  While walking one day she saw a flyer for free GED classes.  She took that. After those classes, she worked with a vocational counselor and started working at a Goodwill.  In her free time, she started a walking program with seniors in her community.  She had weekly wine nights at her house on Fridays.  She baked Peruvian delicacies and sold them at the weekly farmer's market.  The list goes on and on.  She didn't sit and wait for opportunities to knock on her door.  It all started with her walking that day 80 years down the street and seeing that flyer, taking it and saying yes to the first opportunity.
My first thought when I saw this video was "A bit too much clickbait for my taste."
And then the betterhelp ad hit.
Sorry, I can't follow anyone who endorses them and I didn't expect this from you.
sharp jaw line great
Time is so precious and It feels like it goes by faster and faster as you age. It's important to know where you will spend Eternity,an never ending amount of time. I hope everyone here knows Jesus Christ as their personal Lord and Saviour. John 3:16,John 14:6,and Romans 10:13 KJV.
Being alone in the older ages of our life's might be normal for huge portion of population. BUT it is not good. Normal is not always good. I think during the silver time of your life you should be even more eager to spend time with your grandchildren, with your children, with friends and mentees. Life don't need to be alone...
Eastern world is pure, honest, warm  not selfish like Western
It's not "just life" to selfishly disregard the closest family to form new relationships with strangers. It's modern society.
Humans are primates and are by nature tribal just like other species of primates. By nature humans would spend their whole life in the tribe and the whole tribe would be close family, not just parents+siblings in isolation like nowadays broken society. It's also not "just life" to spend as much time with co-workers as with loved ones  just to waste lifetime in a capitalistic, destructive, unfulfilled rat race. It's once again the shitty modern, capitalistic society and not human nature at all. By nature humans would only do necessary task for survival and those task would be done with the tribe that's family. Most humans just accept societies norms as a given, no matter how awful and against our fulfilling nature those norms are.
Iranian's  eyes are the most beautiful eyes .
her face like dakota kai
I am a Muslim and we believe that we are created to please God. I am 21 years old right now and I plan to live my life with having my purpose in mind. It's hard to explain how this religion has turned my life around in a positive way but I want to guys to please look into it. Having a strong reason and purpose to live is what keeps me going through different stages of life
People basically spend time on their phones now.
Life is not that short, guys
Depressing AF
You are kidding right?  No one knows how long they will live.  But one thing is for sure.  You will make mistakes, you will have regrets and if you are lucky, you will not die poor and homeless.
How about those who don't find their families not comfortable? I mean one of your parent may be annoying.
your videos are very peaceful
you should read about islam ,may allah guid you to the best
Good evening very nice you I am west time right you I am Valig man sempal man thanks take care God gave you health and Happiness Ameen
I just wanna say the graphs are an average, they don’t have to be representative of your own life if you don’t want them to be.
those charts are all wrong.    time and who you spend it with is a choice always
Are you of Indian origin? What's your name?
Read about Omar Khayyam to realize how wise a man could be about life in 900 years ago.
Not everyone is lonely in old age . People who attend  religious services once a week are less likely to be lonely . Worshippers can socialize with fellow worshippers . Such elderly people may live alone , but at least they will have the company of Worshippers.
Is she speaking Canadian?
People are just living too long nowadays. Life is no longer short for many.
Ma'am where do you live now?
Morrocan veganism at maoka
Best of fermr marocain bio selon catherine et la bailleurs de fonds
Opposite for me. Life is too miserably long in my opinion.
Who dislikes this video!!!!!!!!
Life is not short, You feel short when you look at the past.
Lets say, you watch a 3 hour long movie. Is it short?
Did 3 hours pass by just like that?
Life is normal, Don't simply say stuff like life is short and make people rush.
@Pick up Limes
ایرانیه، لو نمی ده اما مسلمه (بالاخص از اون عکس های گروهی دوران بچگی
)
I dislike my coworkers though .
Start working for homeless voiceless innocent animals and u will feel how blessed u r n will make u strong
How is life short? It is literally the longest thing you'll ever do.
If your parents are decent people stay close. I would not suggest changing countries. Mine sent me to boarding school at age 7, bye bye, I changed countries as an adult.
This made me sad. Now I need a therapist.
Sure, I have an abusive family whom threw me out of the house at 21 (Canada also), it makes senses, that I want to call them more instead of my friends and coworkers or you know, my partner. These types of videos, may help some people, but please take this with a grain of salt
Why are you beautiful
Are you sisters of alina rais??
Dorood.
Teach to top 5 percent people of the world..
The hotness has shallow understanding of variables of nature. And hotness has million followers including me. Hotness need to further curate the content on the anvil of what they call rationality with a dash of practicality.
Moving away from your parents is not "just life", it's a conscious deliberate choice, if they are still alive.  There are people that move, every few years, then there are those who stay put for most, or all of their lives.  Sorry, I can't relate to your graph.  In my case, from teens to 50, the graph would be straight across.
I'm curious why her teeth are still so white after drinking so much tea every day
we have regret that you eat the same things as a town people. I'm having natural vegetables in my garden.
However you spend wisely not wisely flying by so fast, financially secure not secure billion dollars mansions or a small apartment, we all end up dying naked with nothing taken so don’t get too worked up with these short life
YOUR life is short ..use it carefully
Data is too unsubtle to capture the nuances of most people's realities. There are 8 billion individual people on this planet. None of us are the same.
For me this data means absolutely nothing. And as you were speaking I found myself thinking of other people whose circumstances may not allow them to have the most generous view of the statements either.
Not every child is nurtured and that will necessarily change the direction of how these graphs skew for them. It's bold to assume "we all kind of know" when...we don't.
It was interesting but for me all of this is immaterial.
Wow I was confused lot of lady was in my drim I counfu s witch one is my future wife new
I hope your not an a.i because u look so gorgeous
I feel people change please
Iam be black now
develop some passion for something you like most e.g music, instrument, helping others in the neighborhood, or working for some NGO few hours
Life is too short. Decided to spend time wisely and quit watching right at 0:16
p.s: aaand spent 30 more seconds to leave this comment, for anyone who got this video randomly in the youtube's recommendations, lol
Life has nothing to do with being short.
Why your mom doesnt like your dad?
Psychologically, humans have evolved to live in tribes. Women who are Naturally nurturing and feel the need to be near their tribe or family are Psychologically the healthiest. The modern society on the other hand would categorize such a person as mentally unusual who should seek 'therapy'. Strange times.
Life is too long i wish it was over already
Better health has such poor reviews online
If you were a baby, how did you know?
Oh, darn, this is just an advertisement
I wonder how this data will change as people continue to wait to have children and latch onto partners?...
You are from where ? I mean your ancestors
All. For. Jesus.
how are your teeth so white?
Where is god in all of this? Thank god for Islam that we spend a lot of time with god while him being the owner of time and in fact he is time… we have to return back to him. Family is there but Allah comes first for us and then our prophet may peace be upon him and then our parents
Could you go back to doing recipes please?
SHE NEVER MENTIONS WHAT IS HER NATIONALITY
Depressing stuff. Life is not a joke. Just think outside the box.
I decided to be contrarian and just waste my life.
Jesus Christ loves you, he is the way, truth and life. Believe in him and you shall be saved.
Another tip on how to best spend time is NOT WASTE TIME with videos like these ones ... just a bunch of blah blah blah, no real insight or content .... all disguised to sell therapist consultation
What sucks more than knowing life is short is knowing life is short and you can't do anything to improve it.
family time shown in this graph is not applicable to Indians.
It seems BetterHelp is a scam. Please look into it before partnering with them again
You don't seem in a hurry to spend life though ironically
Are you came from India ? Thanks to your parents ,  you can have a better life than it could be. Sadly my wife refuse to leave communist China with me
I don't want to die a Virgin
But who cleans ur big homes ?????
Drink coffee
This is rather a single-sided approach to view "wisdom" of life. Family, friends, romantic partners are not top priorities for everyone, for some people it could be career, work, hobby, etc. The video would be more complete if you started by defining what a wisdom is in different cultures.
simple....getting a wife like u everything u said will be perfectly aligned...or else all gets fckd up....
Jesus Christ is the only way follow him everyday
Very nice? i wish I am join your family? My life is alone and single life bachelor's still age? My life is wait a woman enter my life and my life is save with you country you house your home?My life is save with you hand plz save me
The most negative video I've watched. Just live your life however you want to live it. Choose your time however you want to choose it. There's no right or wrong.
You look like iranian girls, are you persian?
INFORMATIONAL ADVERTISING!  ARE YOU SAYING THIS BECAUSE YOU TRYING TO PROMOTE YOUR BUSINESS.
A lot of people's lives in 2023 don't actually fit this fairytale trajectory. But maybe for some.. Still seems a bit dated overall.
Bekasoor ilzaam Laga Lo Apne upar sala pata karne ke andar mere ko pata mere ko aaram karo kaise Bada Kare Mahabharat dekh raha hun tar kahan kharab hai
We are Going to MAKE AMERICA immigration freè..free Scotland too..
Reincarnation?
This video is stupid!
People “spend” time because most are unconscious/unaware of why they do what they do.
If you are aware and conscious and purposeful every moment of what you do why you do, you are investing time. It will have  “return on investment”.
The most error is very easy women fail totalie
Ein YouTube kara cheeh? Boro shooarh begeer!
Your take on is good but not complete. You should mention God who gave you life and family, friends, opportunity....and you should be also mindfull of what is next after this life? whether you believe it or not there are two places called Heaven and Hell after this life. If you receive Jesus Christ as your personal Savior and Lord you will go to Heaven and you will have eternal life or else you will go to hell so if you haven' t made the deceision please decide and receive Jesus Christ he already paid the penalty of sin for you for me and for the whole human race. Love you and God bless you
Only one life and it will soon pass, what is done for christ will truly last....don't waste your life without Christ...
You have 100 trillion bacteria in your body. Everything around you is from everyone else. You are never alone. No solo existence. Sun provides you light, earth food and water. Think interdependence of Buddhism.
Часики на глобусе
For a video about not wasting time, this one ironically felt like a tiny waste of time. Weak!
Where is God in all of that?
Why does everyone these days feel the need to lecture humanity? Is it because YouTube pays you?
You literally said nothing this is common sense
I believe you forgot the essential !
All our relationships are founded on our fundamental relationship with God, our Creator and Savior. He's the one who created us, always has loved us, and will ultimatly give us Life after death. In each one of us, there is a void that no relationship, no partner, even the best ever, no friends can fill. In each one of us, there is a loneliness linked with the fact of existing as a free and independant subject. This territory inside us can be filled only with the Presence of God. Open up to Him, and you'll see.
Waste of time
fajna dupa
Sorry but expected some kind of self help video but all I see is a opinion which is vague
Stop watching YouTube videos, wasting time with religion and working to make someone else rich.
This was heavy and hurtful, to be honest...
Wow... Your videos used to be actually meaningful and now it feels like you're only doing it for payed promotions. What was the point of this? Did you need a research organization to tell you that you spend most of the time with your parents as a kid and not so much later? Honestly with each new video i get more disappointed. And thing is, you know how to make good ones. It's obvious that this is just for payed promotions
Lot of Gas with very little content . This whole video can be said in 30 seconds, it gets dragged on like a boring soap opera , only with  the intention to give screen time for the actress !
Graphs do not matter at all. What does matter is individual life experiences, you cannot generalize to others. Graphs are not experts and often not believable and fudged to skew opinions. What would make your video much more appealing is simply telling your story and not needing to make it true for others. You are a mental health expert over yourself and your life story. Not others peoples story. Be cautious about projecting your opinions as apposed to sharing your own story. If people want to learn ‘great and if not that’s fine too. No need to manipulate their feelings to agree with your own using film .. that really not ok @pickuplimes
if you want to be alone you better learn Buddhism, The real Buddhism what the Lord Budhdha taught the world, visit Sri Lanka
you will learn lot about your life.
U need a baby. The one role of a woman. Work is not a baby
Well, this was a waste of time
she's too young to make this video probably not even 35
Yawn.
gimmicky and unrelatable
Boring